Cycle 27: The TolkanderZyklus 27: The Tolkander (1) 
      Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 28 


      1289 NGZS (4875 n.Chrs.) 
      PR 1800 - 1875 

        With band 1800 begins a new big-cycle of the Perry Rhodan series.       
   THOREGON takes 200 volumes an and reveals the reader a completely new, 
unexpected development, that is presented in several sub-cycles.           The 
Tolkander (notebook 1800-1874)  
          The Heliotischen bulwarks (notebook 1875-1899)  
          The sixth runner (notebook 1900-1949)  

  At the 15. September 1222 is awakened Geo Sheremdoc the POLYAMID from his/its 
sleep on board. The Orters of the ship record inexplicable activities of the 
surface of the planet Trokan. Immediately, the LFT commissioner solves the 
system-widens alarm from. As the POLYAMID with her/its/their ultramodern 
Orterns examines the surface of Trokans, a puzzling object becomes visible. The 
object seems coming to itself from the Innern of the planet to clear his/its 
way at the surface. The metallic body has similarity with a Bohrkopf, is 30 
centimeters high however only approximately. The POLYAMID remains in respectful 
spacing to Trokan, since the foreign Strangeness of the Arresums is still 
effective.  
  An approach or even landing would be connected with un-assessable risks for 
ship and team. The personnel of the POLYAMID is harnessed on the highest 
measurement to grow suddenly as the located object begins. From him/it 
originally only 30 centimeters big bodies becomes a tower with a height 1089 
and a diameter of 489 meters. Geo is stunned. For the observed type of the " 
Wachsens ", the terranischen scientists can hand over no explanation. Geo 
Sheremdoc orders the touch on Trokan despite the high risk.    As the ship is 
in the Orbit of the planet, the personnel of a starting energy-field is 
surprised. The Zeitrafferfeld, as it is named later, Trokan of the surrounding 
universe sequesters and influences the time-course of the planet. The POLYAMID, 
already through the effect of the foreign pole-It heavily damages, explodes 
Trokans in the atmosphere and takes the personnel into the death. Under them 
Geo Sheremdoc and Boris Siankow.  
  At the 1.Oktober 1222 NGZ, the BASIS finally reaches the home-like Milky way. 
   The adventures in Hirdobaan are endured and the ship shows so many lacks, 
that it will probably never enforce long-distance-flights by the order of the 
LFT again. The billions Imprintsüchtigens are healed with a from Hirdobaan 
brought, particular umbrella-field-generator. While the immortals first take on 
no new tasks, Myles Kantor immediately becomes as single Zellaktivatorträger 
ordered about the researches at the Temporalfeld of Trokan supports. Cantor 
begins with his/its work and can draw the first conclusions soon. Trokan is 
surrounded by a Temporalfeld, that accelerates the time-course on Trokan about 
a millionenfaches. Cantor Momentaufnahmen of the surface of the planet can have 
calculated with help of NATHAN, that itself since appears the 
Zeitrafferfeldes's the gazes of the researchers withdraws. It determine also 
cantor her/it, that begins itself to develop new structures on the surface of 
Trokans. It seems, as if the evolution strides ahead in the Eiltempo.  
  Parallel to these events, the fate of the BASIS seals itself. Gia de Moleon 
decides to pay off the proud ship and to sell to a consortium, which the ship 
wants umfunktionieren to a game-casino.    While several millions of years pass 
on Trokan in the protection of the Zeitrafferfeldes, the citizens of the LFT 
stride at the 12. February 1223 NGZS to the ballot-boxes. New first Terraner 
becomes Buddcio Grigor and replaces Koka Szari Misonan consequently. The 
scientists don't get the secret of the Zeitrafferfeldes in the consequence. 
Only Cantor Methode of the " moment-reception ", the realization allows that 
the evolution strides ahead on the surface of the planet.  
  The Zellaktivatorträgers receive put them/her/it BOOM-POSITION from the LFT. 
That BOOM-POSITION is a small, ultramodern ship, with which Rhodan starts an 
expedition through the galaxy. He/it is on the search after the " bridge into 
the infinity ", that he/it must cross according to Voltagos prophecy earlier or 
later. His/its way leads him/it after FORNAX and other outlying areas of the 
Milky way - his/its search remains unsuccessful however. While political 
Umschichtungens submit to the Milky way more and more and the Arkonidens tries 
for example to base an empire after old pattern, the immortals think after a 
new task. The crystal-empire, reigns from the Imperatrice Theta of Ariga, comes 
quickly to new power and drives over 10000 worlds into the dependence of Arkon. 
 
  In the year 1235 NGZS enters something like a change for the first time. That 
BOOM-POSITION comes back from her/its/their long expedition and a new name 
penetrates the people into the consciousness. Camelot! The project takes all 
immortals in claim henceforth. The moneys are obtained Adam, who specifically 
establishes the trade-organization Taxit for the funding, by nobody more 
inferior than Homer G..  
  On the Eastside begins itself to consolidate a counterbalance to Arkon and 
the LFT - the forum Raglund. In the year 1238 NGZS vanishes Julian Tifflor and 
Michael Rhodan under mysterious circumstances. The Space-Jet the two Immortal, 
from which Zellaktivatorträgern is missing, is found each track admitteldly. 
You/they are regarded as verschollen. Soon on it, all immortals retreat with 
exception of Myles cantor with unknown goal. As new residence is had hopes on 
the part of the LFT of Camelot, however nobody actually knows something Camelot 
to this time is and above all, where it lies. Gia de Moleon cannot find 
themselves with biggest efforts Camelot. She/it, that has affiliated also Icho 
Tolot the project of the immortal, experiences on Halut. The strange Vorfälles 
continue.    In September 1255 NGZS finds a Hans Karawane the planets of Siga 
leaves before. All still living Siganesens seem to have emigrated with unknown 
goal. Gia de Moleon down with Myles Kantor, who still dedicates half of his/its 
time to the phenomenon of Trokan approximately. The remaining time, he/it works 
on the project Camelot. Again, Gia fails to determine the location of Camelot 
through the tailing of Myles. Slowly it begins to emerge, that the development 
strides also on Trokan in front. After the calculations of NATHAN, there is 
hardly a position of the surface, on which not at least simplest life-forms 
exist. After estimations of cantor, Trokanses have passed on the surface 3,7 
billion years in the meantime and there is already the proof of vegetable life! 
 
  On Camelot, unseen from the rest of the Milky way, the Zellaktivatorträgers 
conceive her/its/their new flagship. The ship consists of a central-module, 
named MERLIN, his biggest inner diameter amounts to 500 meters. The 
central-module resembles a sharpened diamond and possesses 12 surfaces. At the 
central-module, more modules ankoppeln leave themselves. All modules summarized 
a giant-diamond of approximately 2500 meters of diameters emerges.    The 
construction-suggestion gets the surcharge and the ship gets the name 
GILGAMESCH.  
  In the year 1278 NGZS becomes Paola Daschmagan the new first Terranerin. 
She/it nominates Cistolo Khan to the new LFT -Kommissar. Khan initiates the 
construction of the new NOVA Raumer. He/it nominates the first-built ship to 
his/its flagship. It carries the name PAPERMOON. On the 12 September 1288 NGZS 
comes it to the crucial event - the Zeitrafferfeld over Trokan collapses and 
releases the gaze on the surface of the planet! Cistolo Khan proclaims Trokan 
the prohibited area and confronts with a second alarm-news. The GILGAMESCH is 
materialized at the edge of the SOL-Systems. Rhodan has come back after 48 
years in the exile into the SOL-System. 
  While the Terraners of the Orbit look at the inexplicable processes on 
Trokan, puzzling things happen on his/its surface. As the black, as an outsize 
looking tap has reached looking object his/its final size, it begins to 
generate a Temporalfeld, that accelerates the time-course to the solar system 
about a multiple relatively and wraps the planet into a gray veil. The sunlight 
is let pass verfremdet to the surface only strongly and the country lies in 
diffuse dark. Nevertheless the surface doesn't cool Trokans unduly, because the 
Temporalfeld emits a multiplicity of electromagnetic radiations.    Somewhere 
at the black monster, a tab opens from the one separated hand with two fingers 
and two thumbs to ground falls. The process doesn't have stated and it is 
present nobody to this time on Trokan, that could be surprised at it. The 
live-hostile surroundings of Trokans lets the anyway dead hand burst, but some 
microbes still living in the dead tissue can keep themselves through a 
coincidence alive. So, it, that is fertilized " Trokan by a severed, dead 
body-part quasi ", comes. The time-course many times accelerated through the 
Temporalfeld lets the evolution stride ahead on Trokan in winch-ropes.  
  The microbes descendant from the hand stretch and develop itself. More 
resistant mutations originate and slowly spread the life-germs across the 
surface of the planet. A day outside Trokans corresponds to one million years 
on the surface and already soon primitive life-forms, that have no longer much 
with the originally " sowed " bacteria awfully, have developed. Outside water 
penetrates at the surface and gives the evolution another thrust. Finally, 
vegetable and animal life appears on Trokan. The once dead planet is conquered 
slowly by the life. The Kherrahs, that must fight Trokans about the bare 
survival with the carnivorous robbers, develop over several steps. The Kherrahs 
settle in the wide level about the Temporalfeldgenerator, since they find the 
best conditions there. Still, the puzzling structure, that shows like a 
mountain into the gray heaven of Trokans, holds that Temporalfeld upright. 
  The Herreaches, that finally become generally accepted against the carnivores 
together, develop from the Kherrahs. Transfers from a mentalen voice from the 
Temporalfeldgenerator above all a sentence penetrates into the consciousness of 
the Herreach: Kummerog is the God, who waits behind the gate. The gates will 
open and the God of Kummerog will stride through the gate. 
  The Herreaches develop themselves and establish a big city in the level of 
the Temporalfeldgenerators. The city, in which Herreaches settle more and more, 
is called named Moond, that becomes " Temporalfeldgenerator, temples of Moond 
". A priest-cult, that prophesies the return the god " of Kummerog ", begins to 
develop. The Herreaches discover the ability to generate the giant of Schimbaa 
through mentale mass-meditation, a mentale projection to her/it the 
concentration of very much Herreach necessary is. Comes the fatal day then. The 
tax-program of the Temporalfeldgenerators locates 6 dimensional impulses, 
whereupon it the Zeitraffer process finishes. The Herreaches meditating before 
the Temporalfeldgenerator send out the giants Schimbaa, since they think God 
Kummerog will now appear. The gray whirl in the atmosphere vanishes and the 
Herreaches see the stars for the first time. But also other accompaniments 
occur. Trokan shakes. The city Moond is destroyed almost completely. As the 
catastrophe has faded away, a " hovering mountain " appears suddenly from the 
heaven. He/it has ball-shape and lands not far from the former temple. For the 
Herreaches, the first meeting is in store with her/its/their new neighbors, 
that Terranern. 
  While the Temporalfeld collapses about Trokan, Cistolo Khan just gets the 
first orientation-results of her/it at the edge of the SOL-Systems of appeared 
GILGAMESCH. The presence of Rhodans ship does is asked by many citizens to take 
action against the GILGAMESCH the round and Cistolo of Khan quickly. Even the 
first Terranerin Paola Daschmagan reports over hyper-radio shortly and asks 
Cistolo for the action. The LFT -Kommissar doesn't have itself disconcerted 
however and doesn't first restrict itself to waiting for, because Rhodans 
behavior gives him/it no occasion to the apprehension. 
  Quite differently, some terranische journalists, that go with a Space-Jet 
shortly resolved on " cloth-contact " and approach the GILGAMESCH until on few 
kilometers, behave. As Rhodan reports over directly-radio to Cistolo and the 
PAPERMOON, the first meeting of the two men occurs.    Rhodan declares, that 
he/it became aware through 5D-Raumverzerrungen in the area of the " 
Meganon-Welle " on Trokan and immediately hurried to the Sol-System.    Since 
Cistolo on his/its inquiries of Rhodan no more information over Camelot, that 
GILGAMESCH or gets even over the the Terranern completely unknown " 
Meganon-Welle ", the LFT -Kommissar of the GILGAMESCH refuses the approach into 
the Sol-System. Even, investigations over NATHAN care no results something it 
with the strange concept for itself has.  
  Also Myles cantor can or wants to give no information. Instead Myles comes 
the PAPERMOON per Transmitter on board and tries to retune Cistolo Khan again 
to license Rhodan the landing on Trokan. The engine-emissions of a small yawl, 
that has landed without permission on Trokan, are measured during the 
discussion. First, Khan has a yawl of the GILGAMESCH in the suspicion, must 
determine on it however soon, that it is that about the journalist Gloom 
Bechner with his/its Space-Jet PERSIA the Sperrgürtel perforated has. Before 
Cistolo lands with the PAPERMOON on Trokan, he/it sends out Bruno Drenderbaum 
with two corvettes in order to go on the search after the PERSIA. 
  As the PAPERMOON lands close to the biggest city, the contact occurs quickly 
with the natives. The Herreaches are restrained curiously and extremely 
peaceful. Cistolo Khan learns Kummerog, his arrival is expected apparently 
directly, from the Herreach Godar minutiae about God. The Terraners, that name 
temples in the " Bohrkopf " or Kummerog like the Herreach the 
Temporalfeldgenerator, determine is opened a sluice. Nevertheless, the access 
is not possible, since shields the temple a qualitatively more high-quality 5D 
shield. Also the journalist Gloom Bechner does first experiences with the 
Herreaches with his/its team. As the reporters move through the city of the 
Herreach, they meet, natures silhouette-are liable. As Bruno Drenderbaum 
finally amounts the group of Gloom Bechner, a huge shape appears, that itself 
on the reporters zubewegt. 
  Bruno Drenderbaum is by the order of Cistolo Khans with 2 corvettes on Trokan 
on the way, about which to track down Journalistengruppe about Gloom Bechner. 
The journalists have landed despite prohibition on own fist and have provided 
some bewilderment with the Herreaches, that have just now gotten through with 
her/its/their first contact with the Terranerns. As Drenderbaum locates an 
energy-discharge, that can come only from one thermo-emitter, he/it believes to 
have found a track. The shot actually comes from Bechner, that finds itself 
confronted by a monstrous, half material shape suddenly. Although the nature 
acts as a spirit, it prepares destruction, as it breaks through the facade of a 
near house. The journalists are aghast. They have not perceived such an 
appearance on Trokan until now.  
  As the corvettes approach, the journalists seize the escape. Bechners and 
his/its group come with it upon a weiträumige cave, in which several Herreaches 
are gathered and approach the terranischen invaders curiously. As Bechner 
produces a first contact, the Herreaches consider the Terraners Kummerog 
her/its/their God. Bechner, that knows it, to take advantage of the 
bewilderment of the Herreach for his/its purposes sends several transfers of 
Trokan with his/its team and attracts displeasing of the LFT leadership to 
itself so.    Defiance the Bruno Drenderbaum still according to the journalists 
seeks, Bechner succeeds itself the accesses of the persecutors again and again 
in withdrawing. Always near the Herreach, the journalists meet the giant 
Schimbaa, a half-material nature, that can project the Herreach biggest 
concentration through her/its/their mentalen strengths at the moment, several 
times. 
  The PAPERMOON still stands not far from the 1089 meters high " Bohrkopfes " 
meanwhile. Is still active the 5D-Schirm, which the open gate of the structure 
shields. Cistolo Khan is met with Presto Go, the most upper Künderin of the 
Herreach. Presto Go asks Khan to remove the umbrella about help and to open the 
gate to the " temple " so. While the Künderin negotiates with Khan, 2 
Herreaches try to cross the entrance. You/they die like already some Herreach 
in the high-tension defense-umbrella before. Khan is aghast. The Kummerog cult 
is the Herreaches obviously more important than her/its/their own life. 
  While the Terraners are troubled to remove the umbrella-field before the 
entrance to Kummerogs temple, strong storms loom over Trokan. Also the earth 
begins to shake and the seismologists of the PAPERMOON predict heavy shocks. 
Trokan, over year-millions relatively-years always the same temperatures 
abandoned heavy weather now experiences through the different temperatures on 
the day and in the night for the first time. But also the tensions of the 
surface increase. The continental-plate on her/it the biggest city of the 
Herreach stands is valid as particularly earthquake-endangers. Moond is jarred 
always more frequent by small Vorbeben, parallel to it the wind-speeds increase 
constantly in the atmosphere. 
  As the conditions get worse on Trokan more and more, Drenderbaum succeeds in 
finally producing contact to Bechner. The journalist is now himself/itself 
ready to meet with Drenderbaum and obtains a trick-authorization of the temple 
against information the Bechner on his/its march through the city he/it 
Herreach has collected. Somewhat important is imminent. More and more disciples 
of the Kummerog belief arrive from all areas of Trokans in order to be present 
at a big event. As the terranischen scientists have finally removed the 
field-umbrella before the temple, a big quantity streams Herreach together and 
lets the giant occur for Schimbaa. As Schimbaa forces an entry into the temple, 
he/it leaves an aisle of the devastation. The Herreaches seem to have the 
intent her/its/their God of Kummerog to free, that they suspect in the Innern 
of the " Bohrkopfes " somewhere. Myles cantor, Cistolo Khans and Ose Badolph 
follow the projection into the inside of the temple and find a completely 
foreign technology. As the country is jarred suddenly about the Bohrkopf by a 
strong vibration, verflüchtigt itself Schimbaa unexpectedly. The city Moond 
sees itself the biggest catastrophe since her/its/their existence opposite. The 
number of the dead person and injured Herreach climbs into the Zehntausende. 
  The tectonic tensions appearing on Trokan unload themselves in strong 
vibrations more and more frequently. Still, rips and crevices, that often turn 
for the blindly wandering around Herreaches into the deaths, refine through the 
vibrations. The Terraners are to be prevented in the use about the worst 
continuously. That in the Kummerog temple working, terranischen Wissenschaftler 
becomes surround constantly from fanatical Herreach, that in and about the 
Kummerog-Tempel after her/its/their God Kummerog seeks. What the giant has not 
already destroyed Schimbaa, was apparently subject to aimed evoked kernel-fire 
one. All appliances and equipments of the former tides-transformer became so 
from indoors out destroys. An evaluation of the fascinating technology is 
possible to the big disappointment of the Terraner no longer therefore.    It 
with high likelihood, that the kernel-fire represents a 
security-being-direction, that prevents, must be assumed, that the facilities 
of the Temporalfeldgenerators reach into foreign hands. 
  As the scientists of the LFT don't come with her/its/their examinations in 
front further and always stronger vibrations jars Trokan, Myles Kantor presents 
the suggestion to the LFT commissioner, Perry Rhodan and the GILGAMESCH 
approach-permission, to give. Myles gives at the only the scientists of Camelot 
wider issue could achieve. Cistolo gives Rhodan the permission reluctantly to 
approach Trokan with a yawl. As Rhodans " yawl " appears over Trokan, it turns 
out which themselves as the central-module MERLIN the size of Cistolo Khan 
flagship surpasses. As the two men meet the first time before the Kummerog 
temple, Cistolo accepts the MERLIN with no word. Rhodan, that his/its 
scientists want to plan measurements at the so-called " Meganon-Welle ", 
announces an energy-form, that the LFT scientists are unknown. On inquiries 
about what it itself with it deals, the scientists of the LFT get no direct 
answer. It seems, as if the Cameloters want not yet to give her/its/their 
secret to price for the moment.  
  After the scientists of the GILGAMESCH, under whom finding many former 
scientists of the LFT is, have completed her/its/their measurements, an unknown 
energy-producer is amounted directly under the Kummerog-Tempel. With modern 
appliance, the Terraners clear themselves a way through the soil and come upon 
a cavity traversing approximately 6 meters. To her/its/their big surprise, they 
find a honeycomb-structure hovering in the air, that is still tangible " for 
Cistolo Khan for Reginald Bull " neither. Almost, the foreign object acts as a 
hologram, through which the hands through-grasp. Only as Rhodan approaches the 
structure, activity is to be recorded. The honeycomb begins to shine more 
strongly and she/it touches as Rhodan, he/it senses a material resistance. For 
Rhodan, it feels, at as if his/its body of a short stream-river is penetrated, 
then he/it hears a mentale voice: " THE PILLAR is OPENED, PLEASE 
SECURITY-SPACING EARNS ".    Rhodan seems to have caused a mechanism through 
the touch of the honeycomb, that he/it itself doesn't understand. It seems to 
be much more important that only Rhodan had been able to cause the process. 
  In sure distance, the Terraners of the PAPERMOON and GILGAMESCH observe a 
strange body like itself from below the Kummerog-Tempels his/its way to the 
surface clears. What finally comes to the light, reminds on the first gaze of a 
big fungus. Soon, the Terraners, that one can move the object with no known, 
scientific method to body, notice.    As Cistolo Khan despite warning gives 
Rhodans the instruction to examine the fungus with a Mikrodesintegration, the 
service-personnel of the Desintegrators dies the lives. The fungus-cathedral 
seems to sit down against each destructive examination to the weir. Cistolo is 
shocked. As Rhodan, Reginald Bull and Alaska Saedelaere shortly resolved on the 
fungus-cathedral shuts, is surrounded the structure of a fine fog and the 3 
immortals vanish in his/its inside. Cistolo Khan watches stunned. Snifter time 
later totters another, foreign shape from the fungus-cathedral and falls before 
Khan and cantor on the dusty ground Trokans. With last strength, the unknown 
names his/its name, then he/it falls in unconsciousness. Kummerog lies before 
the two Terraner!    Kummerog is brought on it on the fastest way after Mimas. 
  28. Octobers 1288 NGZS, after the strange fog, which has refined with the 
penetration into the fungus-cathedral, thins itself, the three Unsterblichen 
Perry Rhodans, Reginald Bull and Alaska Saedelaere stand in front of an 
incomprehensible scenery. Before them stretches a from black, approximately 20 
centimeters wide planks, built bridge. The color of the material reminds of 
graphite, is from another consistency however. In irregular spacings, black 
pillars ascend from an unfathomable depth and hold the bridge with help of just 
as black mists. The pillars stick out approximately one meter over the level of 
the bridge, that no hand-rail has. The bridge-width amounts to approximately 10 
meters and guarantees a certain, nonslip perpetration. Perry Rhodan feels a 
strange affinity to the bridge into the infinity from the beginning.    He/it 
feels in the new surroundings well ", what one cannot claim from his/its two 
companions.  
  Reginald Bull and Alaska Saedelaere feel uncomfortable. It seems to them so, 
at best as they " are undesirable ", tolerates. Rhodan can his/its two 
companions convinces the bridge one to follow is. Saedelaere pleads first to 
try him/it for it back to Trokan away, however finally consents. As the 3 
immortals have followed the path approximately one hour, they come upon another 
fog-field. As they recover it durchschreiten she/it itself in a type of 
area-station. The station is not manned and is not shown big destructions. It 
seems as has raged a damning fire and most equipment-objects has destroyed. 
Soon like the 3 immortals recognizes, the station lies in the Leeraum between 
two Galaxiens. There are no stars in immediate proximity and the likelihood, 
that it itself with the Galaxiens about members that pubs group deals, is 
rather low. The 3 Terranerns become furthermore conscious that they have gotten 
involved practically without equipment and food in this adventure. After some 
hours stay makes itself hunger and thirst noticeable slowly.  
  With the wanders through the station finds the immortal numerous storage 
space, in which different, undefinable objects are accommodated in niches, - 
almost all through the fire destroys. The thirst begins to become a problem. 
The 3 men must drink and must begin to search the station for water or other 
liquids. In a type of Medostation, they finally become fündigs. Rhodan 
discovers a sallow, not caustic liquid that admitteldly repulsively tastes 
however at least the water-demand of the Terraner can cover. Protected from 
poisoning through her/its/their cell-assets-fools, the men leave themselves on 
the risk an and drinks the unknown material. The " juice ", as the immortals 
name the liquid from lack at information, his/its effect doesn't miss. Newly 
strengthened makes her/it/them itself to explore the station at it further.  
  Perry Rhodan discovers a hangar an intact spaceship. Black, wedge-shaped with 
a length of 300 meters, with a golden, 30 meters of traversing ball at the tip, 
it represents a completely unknown construction. It seems ready to take off to 
his/its and must have over an advanced technology, since it could bridge the 
way over the Leeraum to this station.    The hangar and the area with the 
fungus-cathedral seem been spared as single from him/it all devastating blaze 
to be. In all other areas, a green, tough mass is located distributes, 
obviously a type of Löschschaum that against the fire was put in. That referred 
to the niches and the charred remains in it decides Reginald Bull expresses the 
suspicion, the station could be a type of pattern-show. As Rhodan at a niche 
along-steps and a gurkenförmigen object in appearance takes, the picture of a 
fully automatic Forschungsraumers molds itself in his/its head with all 
technical details.  
  With more tests ", the Terraner data read " over weapon systems, developed 
far, medical appliances and other complicated tools, their " pattern-models " 
however all through the fire has been damaged. As Alaska itself a moment, to 
examine more exactly about the foreign wedge-ship, isolates, he/it discovers a 
strange, gallertigen bodies. As Alaska approaches the structure, the structure 
rushes on him/it and wraps him/it a like a second skin.    Everything happens 
so quickly, the Alaska no odd to the resistance remains. He/it, that penetrates 
the foreign skin into his/its consciousness, only notices then becomes the 
immortal unconscious. Bully discovers another body in one of the niches 
meanwhile. With touch, the usual information-river puts down an and whitens the 
content the young tin as " shadow-fight-dwarfs " from, a group of mercenaries 
that on instruction fights and murders. Reginald Bull begins a mentalen 
dialogue with the " can ". After he/it has answered some questions like for 
example " number the fighter " or " equipment of the fighters ", the can begins 
to grow suddenly. Bully sees climb like can increased from the hundredfold 
small fighters suddenly aghast and itself at it does to attack him/it. As the 
fight occurs, that itself proves the " shadows " of the armed dwarfs, the 
Terraners fight and injure can. The whole scenery works unnaturally. As Bully 
and Rhodans flee from the angrily attacking dwarfs, they, that the station 
represents an arsenal from miniaturized merchandise, become clear that one 
after likes can call. An arsenal of the power!  
  The danger through the shadow-fight-dwarfs takes care of itself by itself, as 
the small fighters of a moment die to the other all. Bully remembers a mentalen 
impulse, that reported a faulty-function during the enlargement of the " 
barracks from the can ". As Rhodan and Bully finally find the numb friend, this 
is enveloped completely by a second skin.    Before can hurry the two Terraner 
Alaska to the help, she/it catches up with the same fate. Also Rhodan and Bully 
are first deadened by the skin-good parasites. While the two immortals are 
still powerless, Alaska awakens and follows the mentalen order of his/its skin. 
His/its goal, or better the goal of the parasite is the black wedge-ship. As 
Rhodan and Bully is awaken Alaska from the unconsciousness vanished. The 
parasites which the unconsciousness of both friends had caused, has perished - 
probably an effect of the cell-assets-gate. It succeeds to step Rhodan with the 
Stationsgehin in contact and he/it experiences, that he/it has arrived too late 
about 10000 years in the arsenal too early and however. All these information 
sound confusing for the Terraner and Rhodan very much to come back over the 
fungus-cathedral after Trokan once for the moment decides. He/it needs Bully to 
persuade not for this decision long. 
  As Alaska Saedelaere can think again moderately plainly, he/it recovers 
himself/itself a ship on board. The gelatinous nature, that encloses his/its 
body like a second skin, is still with him/it. Alaska notices after short time, 
that the skin is an intelligent nature, that can read his/its thoughts and 
controls his/its body. The communication with the skin takes place on the 
Gedankenebene. Alaska registers that he/it is the CANT on board. The CANT is a 
wedge-shaped, to the front dully tapered ship with black outside-cover. The 
length of the ship amounts to 300 meters. A 20 meters traversing, golden ball, 
in which the command-headquarters of the ship is, is at the tip. As Alaska the 
ship takes on it is in a scruffy condition. Carelessly thrown down 
machine-parts and food-remains lie around throughout the headquarters. It 
seems, as if the former owner has held not very much of order. Through the 
mentalen contact, Alaska experiences, that the CANT is to the Asteoriden 
clinker on the way. Alaska also recognizes that the skin is depended on him/it. 
Like a parasite, the skin withdraws nutrients from him/it and remains at the 
life so in turn. The skin leaves no doubt at it that she/it from now at a life 
long at Alaska will remain, a thought of that the immortal with horrors fills. 
  Through more dialogue with the parasite, Alaska learns that he/it is in the 
ship Kummerogs, a Mutanten from the people of the Cantrell. The skin, a 
myself-continuous offshoot Kummerogs, has had no more mentalen contact to 
her/its/their man for over 60 years and has decided therefore, that to approach 
Asteoriden clinkers to pick up about some of Kummerogs followers. The plan of 
the skin intends after it to turn to the arsenal back in order to go on the 
search after the Cantrell. Kummerog is name the leader of a Piratengruppe that 
itself the murderers of Bröhnder ". Through her/its/their robbery-trains, the 
pirates have already attained in the galaxy Bröhnder a sad fame.    Kummerog, 
an unmerciful leader of that itself everything something he/it would simply 
like to possess takes, was disowned in the past of his/its own people and was 
brought into his/its exile after Bröhnder. In his/its new home, the Mutant was 
based his/its feared criminal-organization on it soon. Alaska learns more and 
more over Kummerog about the contact to the skin. So also the history, as it 
has lost Kummerog into the arsenal of the Baolin-Nda.....   ... ..Demnach has 
received Kummerog the Notruf of a stranger, that he/it followed with the CANT. 
Separates from hope on loot not from charity. Arrived at the goal, the pirate 
finds a spaceship, that possesses a spindle-shaped torso with a crossbeam fast 
at the tip. The unknown ship gets the name " beam-spindle " from Kummerogs 
computer. In the ship, Kummerog is met Zenndicyl Pervorat Zeun with an injured 
nature of name.    Kummerog recognizes that will die the foreign part at 
his/its injuries soon.    Zenndicyl Pervorat Zeun pretends to be the fourth 
runner Thoregons, a title with the Kummerog nothing can start. Zenndicyl 
Pervorat Zeun warns of a danger by the name of GOEDDA and gives Kummerog the 
order to relay this piece of information at the arsenal-brain.  
  In order to cross the arsenal, the fourth hands over runner the pirate a 
Passantum, a black bracelet, that deports Kummerog as justifiable, to cross the 
arsenal. After Zenndicyl Pervorat Zeun has died, Kummerog sets out to the 
arsenal. He/it hopes himself/itself fat loot, because with the name " alone 
arsenal " connects incalculable riches he/it. As Kummerog the arsenal reaches 
and admittance gets, the pirate discovers the fungus-cathedral and the 
mechanism, which praise the in the niches lying, reduced goods. The Mutant of 
the Cantrell wastes no more thought on his/its original job and tries some of 
the merchandise out. All caution forgetting, Kummerog commits an ominous 
mistake. He/it activates one of the boxes to ignite a firework in the belief, 
the entire station almost activates a kernel-fire of that however grasps.... 
  The skin interrupts to regenerate her/its/their coverage about itself again 
and again. Time, to pull a resume for Alaska. It was to be heard incredibly for 
the immortal that this lunatic has destroyed the valuable arsenal.  
  ... .Der kernel-fire strides ahead on and on. Kummerog causes his/its servant 
and slave Yokanrog to look the command in the arsenal for a Löschmittel.    
Kummerog itself, from whoever CANT done, takes refuge in the cubic area, in 
which the fungus-cathedral stands. As he/it crosses the area of the 
fungus-cathedral, he/it recovers himself/itself on the bridge into the 
infinity. As he/it comes back short-term into the arsenal, the Passantum 
reports with a warning to Kummerog: You have an area, they cross is prohibited 
you. Leg me from! You may not use me longer. The time-limited mandate, that 
lent you the fourth runner, has run out. In the arsenal, Kummerogs Diener seeks 
to delete the kernel-fire meanwhile desperate after a method. With help of the 
central-computer, Yokanrog succeeds in finally activating a Löschsystem and to 
stop the kernel-fire. As last, Yokanrog itself becomes a victim of the fire, 
then silence takes lodging in the arsenal. Kummerog, that has ventured at the 
other end of the bridge into the infinity, sees another fog-field and a 
fungus-cathedral, that are however deeply under the surface of a planet.  
  The Passantum whitens Kummerog on it, that this access is not yet activated 
and cannot be committed consequently. After a last warning, to set aside it, 
severs the Passantum Kummerogs hand and falls to ground. The Mutant of the 
Cantrell reaches for a desperate attempt. He/it activates a freely programmable 
Temporalfeldgenerator, that he/it has taken from the arsenal and activates, the 
appliance beyond the fog-field. Kummerog gives also the severed hand. Since the 
planet is inanimate on the other side of the access, but the access itself only 
from outside can be activated, the Cantrell tries to accelerate the evolution 
through the Temporalfeldgenerator so, that arises lives on the planet and 
finally activates the access with the achievement of a certain 
Intelligenzlevels. During the time of the accelerated evolution, Kummerog puts 
itself into a sleep-stiffness.    The plan of the pirate rises. Under working 
of the Temporalfeldgenerators and from the life-germs of his/its dead hand that 
the planet Trokan practically " fertilized ", the Herreaches have 
developed..... 
  The CANT has reached in the end the history the Asteoriden clinker. Alaska 
had used the time furthermore in order to win the fight with the skin about the 
control of his/its body. Alaska now has the skin under his/its control 
completely. 
  In the Sol-System: After the disappearance Rhodans and Bulls and the 
unexpected appears Kummerog the foreign-nature from the fungus-cathedral on 
Trokan, Cistolo Khan fears an action of the Cameloter in order to employ over 
the whereabouts of the two immortals investigations. Khan arranges itself to 
give up such a venture with Myles Kantor and offers the free access to the 
fungus-cathedral as a countermove. 
  Katie Joanne, journalist and is estimated ready to enter each risk for a good 
story by her/its/their station on the foreign-nature Kummerog. The media use 
always more unscrupulous methods in order to come to a good story and, to win 
quotas in the race with the other stations. Katie can deceive the 
control-installations about Mimas and can pretend an emergency. She/it splashes 
herself/itself to simulate an exotic method about an illness and reaches Mimas 
into the hospital-complex so. Immediately she/it begins with her/its/their 
journalistic work and collects all, attainable information.   As Kummerog 
awakens on Mimas from his/its coma-similar sleep, is Myles Kantor and Bruno 
Drenderbaum present. It is learned surprising like fast Kummerog the 
Interkosmo. Already after few days, he/it can communicate without translator. 
Kummerog declares been lost through an accident after Trokan, that he/it lost 
his/its hand, on the examination of the Terraner. He/it informs the Terranerns 
also details about the bridge into the infinity. As Cistolo Khan arrives on 
Mimas to the advice with cantor and Drenderbaum, the assistant whitens the LFT 
commissioner on some contradictions in Kummerogs state. Drenderbaum speak the 
Kummerog confident the truth and influence has taken on the activity of the 
Zeitraffer-Generators; differently doesn't have explained the worship of the " 
God " to Kummerog itself through the Herreach. 
  Katie Joanne omits no opportunity in the meantime to win about Myles Kantor 
for an interview, no one of her/its/their attempts is successful however. 
She/it decides to reach for more resolute measures and mixes a Psychopharmaka 
into the canteen-meal of cantor. Through an unhappy coincidence, cantor relays 
the meal at Drenderbaum, that consumes the medication. Katie recognizes 
her/its/their heavy mistake and escapes into her/its/their room, is caught up 
with by Drenderbaum however soon. The assistant of the LFT -Kommissars has look 
through her/it/them and requires the abandonment of the antidote from Katie. 
Drenderbaum leads the journalist into the closed off section, in which also 
Kummerog is accommodated, unceremoniously, since he/it can get a swift help 
against the effect of the Psychopharmaka more strongly becoming always only 
there. 
  This step proves to be ominous, because Kummerog, that has shed skin itself 
in the meantime, can overpower Drenderbaum with help of his/its skin. The 
Mutant of the Cantrell demands to support his/its escape from Drenderbaum from 
the Sol-System. Through the mentale influence of Kummerogs skin, Drenderbaum 
cannot battle against the commands of the Mutanten. Drenderbaum deletes under 
the force of Kummerogs skin with a medication the memory of the journalist and 
enables the Mutanten the escape of Mimas. Drenderbaum and Kummerogs reach the 
Handelsraumer PRETTY PLAID with a Space-Jet and can persuade the commander with 
wrong promises to leave the Sol-System. 
  During the flight the PRETTY PLAID comes it to a strange meeting with an 
unknown spaceship. The trading ship is met with it by an unknown 
orientation-ray, that causes strong nausea under the personnel. A technician 
succeeds in out-filtering a hyper-signal from the foreign impulses, that 
reminds at a strong staccato. As Kummerog, alert through the foreign impulses 
into the headquarters the PRETTY PLAID storms, Drenderbaum experiences the 
Mutanten in panic for the first time. Kummerog speaks of an immense danger in 
her/it itself the galaxy decides, however first does no more exact statements. 
Kummerog orders to leave the Handelsraumer again and gets going alone with 
Drenderbaum in the Space-Jet. Before, Drenderbaum ignites left behind mines 
under the force of the skin the PRETTY PLAID on board. This way, Kummerog 
leaves behind no tracks. Drenderbaum get Kummerogs next instruction stunned as 
he/it - the Mutant of the Cantrell wants after Camelot! 
  Lafayette, Collore-System,: Joseph Broussard jr. more formerly Beausoleil and 
BASIS veteran has sat on Lafayette to the silence. Broussard lives in a simple 
tree-house, close to the camp Mirage, a research-station of the LFT.    The 
former Beausoleil had stood many uses with the expedition of the BASIS to the 
big emptiness and had suffered a heavy injury, from their late-following of the 
Terraner still suffers today. Lafayette is not among the especially promoted 
colonies of the LFT. Funds look the equipment, with which one must be content 
in the camp Mirage, barely and accordingly. The scarce methods leave themselves 
on lacking mineral resources mainly or lead back others more important goods. 
There are simply too few incentives for investments. Broussard jr feels despite 
all. on the swamp-world extremely probably and enjoys every new day. 
  Broussard entertains a narrow relationship to Pepe, a Lafayette inhabitant. 
Pepe, that as mentally not fully develops is valid, has grown up in the 
wilderness of Lafayette. He/it is regarded as jungle-child and can handle 
animals very well.    Broussard has sometimes even the feeling that Pepe can 
speak with the animals. 
  At the 1.12.1288 becomes sudden, without first obvious reason, the 
radio-network on Lafayette disturbed. Shortly on it, the people collapse on the 
whole planet under pains. Only Broussard notices no foreign influence and first 
horrifies and helpless. An unknown influence has the people liked heavily 
according to all appearance. The Lafayette inhabitants are action-incapable and 
must endure strong pains. A stakatoartiges sturgeon-signal is simultaneous to 
receive over hyper-radio, his tone incriminates the nerves of the people alone 
strongly. 
  After some time, the collapsed people come to the senses again. It is them to 
look at that those are causing, strong pains collapse past admitteldly, but 
nevertheless no normalization has entered. Pepe explains the phenomenon with 
it, that itself the pains from " outside " after " indoors " has transferred. 
That, that the colonists feel extremely miserably, looks in the practice so. 
Many must be helped with medications, real relief doesn't happen.  
  The hyper-radio and Satelitenempfang still remains disturbed on whole of 
Lafayette. As Broussard with the personnel of camp discusses Mirage the 
situation, the concerned people describe themselves somewhat more exactly like 
she/it under the foreign influence feels. Is you, as if they become from 
indoors outside " gestülpt ". Permanent nausea and ongoing stomach-cramps are 
more accompaniments of the disastrous influence. 
  Broussard sums up the sum of the realizations: Somebody seems the Lafayetter 
to scan. 
  As Broussard pursues the origin of the Scan-Strahlung, he/it discovers a 
foreign spaceship in the wilderness of Lafayette. Through a Orter, the 
Beausoleil gets some coarse data over the ship. It is 450 meters long circa and 
is on his/its upper side over and over with thorn-good protuberances covers.    
The whole ship is one of incredibly strong 5D-Strahler. Broussard however fully 
discovers spares animals on it, that effects the disastrous Scan-Strahlung 
intelligent natures mainly, soon. Broussard itself through his/its former 
injury, that he/it senses, must be no influence immune. 
  As the " Stachler ", like the strangers from lack at information is named, 
the station and her/its/their active orientation-appliance discover, the 
inhabitants must flee with her/its/their Shiftses. Straight, that becomes after 
the departure of the Lafayette inhabitants shortly, timely camp Mirage 
destroys. With her/its/their escape, the Terraners are met on a LFT 
-Delegation, that from Aaron Cremer, boss of a small fight-unit is quoted. An 
experience-exchange occurs between the two groups and it seems to confirm 
itself/themselves, that Lafayette is sealed off by an unknown sturgeon-field 
completely. 
  As oval, also with thorns fortified flight-appliances appears, the fight 
occurs. The LFT -Kampfgruppe fights back with all methods standing to the 
disposal, is chafed totally by the majority of the opponents however. 
Broussard, that has collected with Pepe and the robot " Bunny " before, escapes 
the massacre and can flee into the jungle. The realization, that one has to do 
it with an opponent, only remains behind the obviously no morals possesses. 
  Interlude Trankun: Hermon of Ariga is prisoner on the arkonidischen 
criminal-planet Trankun. As leader of the stormers Arkons, a 
resistance-movement against the regime of the crystal-empire, is classified 
Hermon of Ariga as Systemgegener and after Trankun is pushed. The Arkonide 
survives 5 months of custody and starts an outbreak-attempt then. Hermon 
unexpected help finds with the escape-attempt. As it looks already almost so, 
as if fails Hermons plans, a command of the IPRASA comes him/it to the help.    
Together with Hermon, 160 political prisoners are freed from the hell of 
Trankun. To the astonishment of the rescuers, Hermon of Ariga is alike a young 
" image " Atlans. 
  Most relieved Arkonidens step into the service of the 
resistance-organization. Atlan is technically qualified for finished 
gratefully, arkonidischen strengths, that he/it can win for his/its 
organization. The IPRASA was built after the approved pattern of the legendary 
USO. Many the still intimate USO base and warehouses could be reactivated by 
Atlan for the IPRASA. 
  Through his/its numerous uses in the area M13, Atlan has only now learned 
about the events in the SOL-System and on Trokan. After the use on Trankun, the 
immortal breaks SOL-System, at his edge the GILGAMESCH still stands on 
Warteposition, in direction open instantaneously therefore. 
  As the first meeting occurs between Atlan and Hermon of Ariga, even the 
immortal is stunned over the similarity. Atlan offers the young Arkoniden the 
position of the Feuerleitchefs on the RICO, itself probably in the clear over 
Hermons abilities in the reference on weapon systems. Hermon of Ariga accepts 
the offer and passes them/her/it him/it the first tests Atlan imposes.   From 
the GILGAMESCH arrived Atlan learns all details about the disappearance 
Rhodans, the emergence Kummerogs and finally his escape.    Atlan stops, as the 
PRETTY PLAID speaks them/her/it of the explosion is and from her/it shortly 
previously empfangenen radio-program, that over an unknown ship, with strange, 
thorn-good protuberances speaks. 
  As itself the GILGAMESCH to the place of the accident on does, she/it is only 
met with a Flottentender of the LFT, which rescues the remains the PRETTY 
PLAID. There are no survivors. A feeling says Atlan, that didn't die Kummerog 
and Bruno Drenderbaum with the explosion. Atlan asks Myles Kantor to enforce 
some measurements with help of the hyper-area-resonator. The Arkonide hopes to 
measure some signals, that gives over the whereabouts of the foreign ship 
information. 
  The efforts are useless, but also not at all more necessary, because from 
everywhere from the galaxy arrives hyper-radio-news over the foreign ships 
suddenly. It seems almost so, as the strangers have waited exactly for this 
moment about to losschlagen. 
  The GILGAMESCH follows a Notruf from the Moron-System and comes upon a small 
LFT -Flotte, that orbits in respectful spacing one of the foreign ships. In the 
meantime, it already has several, ominous collisions between ships of the 
Galaktiker and the stranger given. The colony of Lafayette is bolted virtually 
completely and new Fremdraumers arrive it constantly. In the Moron-System, one 
has to do it only with one of the stranger for the time being.  
  As the " hedgehog-ship ", a concept of that itself should memorize, to the 
landing on the colony, Atlan gives the fire-command. The RICO succeeds to stop 
the country-touch of the ship. Shortly on it the foreign ship heaves to however 
and approaches them/her/it RICO directly. The personnel receives to sense the 
effect of the Tangle-Scans for the first time. Before the hedgehog-ship dives 
in the hyper-area, Atlan succeeds in determining all necessary flight-data for 
a prosecution. 
  After several flight-maneuvers, it of the RICO succeeds to put the 
hedgehog-ship. Without early warning, it attacks Atlans flagship with a 
rust-colored energy-ray, that incriminates the umbrellas of the RICO strongly. 
Hermon of Ariga finally succeeds with the foreign ship to shoot wreck with 
several trans-form-volleys.    As Atlan forces an entry with a command into the 
ship, a vehement explosion takes place. The personnel of the Igelraumers has 
even killed itself! Besides some small cell - and skin-fragments finds itself 
no more track of the former crew of the ship. Atlan is aghast. What had the 
personnel induced to execute a collective suicide? 
  Atlan decides him/it to take Igelraumer breaks up and tacks him/it at the 
cover of the RICO. no moment too early, because more hedgehog-ships arrive in 
short consequence. That RICO can escapes as the foreign fleet on attack-course 
exactly into the hyper-area goes. 
  Bruno Drenderbaum is still under the control of Kummerogs skin. The Cantrell 
still holds on to his/its intent to venture after Camelot. Although also 
Drenderbaum wins impressions of Kummerogs feeling-lives over the skin through 
his/its emphatic ability, the true goals of the Mutanten remain him/it locked. 
The Terraner, that hates the Cantrell him/it for his/its offering, senses 
however. In order to get information over Camelot, Drenderbaum recommends to 
look for the BASIS. Drenderbaum knows a jumper there by the name of Engereg, 
that can help the two sought, unseen the spaceship to come on board. 
Drenderbaum believes that from itself the BASIS a recruiting-office Camelots on 
board decides.  
  The BASIS stands in the stationary Orbit of donor-man III at the moment, an 
insignificant, dry planet of that as venue for players, adventurer and Verfemte 
is valid. The former flagship of the solar fleet was discarded after the return 
of the big emptiness and was sold to a consortium, that has transformed the 
pride of the fleet into a game-hell. Each space traveler, that did service on 
the BASIS and now comes back on the ship, does painful sensations, through if 
he/it sees, into what the ship has turned. 
  Gucky turns his/its quite personal experiences with the Tangle-Scan of the 
hedgehog-ships into the same time. On the way with a Vesta-Kreuzer of the TRAMP 
GILGAMESCH module, the mouse-beaver observes a world of the Apasos blues like 
the hedgehog-ships attacks. For an intervention, it is already too late, as 
hedgehog-ships appear in the system of the Forum-Raglunds more and more and 
begin to bolt the planet. After all, the realization, that the 450m big 
hedgehog-navigating are Erkunder or surveyors, whom exclusively lived in 
planets take themselves to the goal, remains. 
  As that comes back RICO with the found hedgehog-ship to the attendant-point 
of the GILGAMESCH, Myles Kantor learns about the Vorfällens of the juncture of 
the RICO with the strangers speechless. From the former personnel, 
tissue-pieces, that admit no information over the look and the intents of the 
stranger, are only remaining. The examinations of the ship yield little new. 
All important installations, particularly the Aperaturen that for the generates 
of the Tangle-Scans responsible is, was apparently destroyed by a 
self-destruction-mechanism. Myles nevertheless immediately becomes clear that 
he/it has to do it with a completely foreign technology, that comes from the 
Milky way on no account. As the researchers of the GILGAMESCH want already 
almost to give up, an active module is amounted in the stern of the ship. Under 
heaviest conditions, the Terraners can approach the module, that is protected 
by a protection-system. 
  The quaderförmigen mechanism is an important Steuerungs - or storage-part of 
the ship obviously. As the Terraners begin with withdrawing information from 
the module, begins to radio it on extremely short-wave hyper-frequencies. 
Shortly on it, a fleet of hedgehog-navigating, that immediately moves on to the 
attack, appears. The GILGAMESCH looks for her/its/their salvation in the 
escape. 
  As the data-evaluation is available some assumptions are confirmed. The 450m 
gro0en hedgehog-vessel is actually a Erkunder. It becomes obvious, that the 
Erkunder extensive data over the Milky way, her/its/their systems, planets, 
their raw material-occurrences however specifically collect over their 
inhabitant. It seems, as if the Erkunders test the creatures on any a 
particular suitability. Since much priority is put on the collection of 5-D 
data, constant goes Cantor Vermutung in direction ÜBSEF. The scientist becomes 
slow clear, which danger looms for the galaxy. 
  On the BASIS, Kummerog still pursues his/its dark plans. Steht's after best 
strengths supports from Bruno Drenderbaum. Through the legitimations of the 
Terraners, it succeeds to knot Kummerog contacts and does a crucial step on 
his/its way after Camelot onward. Before the Cantrell leaves the BASIS again, 
he/it kills all accessories and can blur his/its tracks so. 

Cycle 27 - the Tolkander (2)Zyklus 27: The Tolkander (2) 
      Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 28 

  More and more hedgehog-ships now appear in the galaxy and no coalition of the 
Milky way seems to be spared by them. So, an incident occurs in the system 
Araaquammpe, in which the Uniters entertain a colony, for example. Some 
hedgehog-ships have bolted the colony and have tried a fleet the forum of 
Raglund to expel the invaders. Also Voge of Tissaque, Arkonide and strict 
supporter of the new crystal-empire is on board the leadership-ship. Voge of 
Tissaque looks desperately for a cure for his/its badly sickened sister, who is 
in a special-receptacle on board. The Arkonide possesses a small, possierliches 
pet, a Tosszum, that dance on his/its shoulder back and forth constantly, 
furthermore. As the leadership-ship of the blues gets the first hits, the 
Arkonide flees with his/its sister in a yawl. As Voge of Tissaque the planet 
Atalaya, in the periphery of M13 reaches, he/it is called Rossom of Atalaya to 
the arkonidischen commander. Rossom offers Voge of Tissaque for the medical 
care of his/its sister a business....   The strangers slam also in the 
proximity of the SOL-Systems. In the Wega-System, 27 light-years of SOL 
removes, appears hedgehog-ship suddenly and covers Ferrol, that eighth planets 
of the Wega-Systems, with which Tangle-Scan. Kendix, a political representative 
of the Ferronen in the Galaktikum experiences the attack at the own body. 
Kendix, that is in the election campaign, immediately leaves Ferrol after the 
attack of the hedgehog-ships in order to take part in a session of the 
Galaktikums in the Humanidrom. He/it plans to force a spectacular appearance 
before the galactic committee about more attention and support for the 
Wega-System of the LFT. 
  Kriesenstimmung prevails on Terra. The communications from all parts of the 
Milky way are alerting. Paola Daschmagan, the first Terranerin confers with 71 
deputies over the current situation and the forthcoming session of the 
Galaktikums. That of the LFT conscript session should obtain a closed action of 
the Galaktiker against the invaders. Gia de Moleons has another, to add 
worrying point. After sources of her/its/their TLD agents, an assassination is 
planned on a leading personality. Whoever should be goal of the attack is 
unknown however. 
  Voge of Tissaque is initiated by Rossom into his/its plans. He/it should 
commit an assassination during the session in the Humanidrom. His/its right 
hand is prepared as weapon. Through particular annoy-commands, Voge of Tissaque 
can condense the molecular structure of his/its fingers and they just like a 
dagger start. Rossom, that is undertaken everything, assures admitteldly to 
withdraw the access of the Terraner about him/it after the assassination, 
however Voge of Tissaque doubts Rossoms sincerity. Only because of the recovery 
of his/its sister, the Arkonide assumes the job. 
  At the 27. The meeting takes place December. Some political meetings occur at 
the edge, so for example between the LFT and the Arkoniden. No unification can 
be achieved because of the different points of view however.    The different, 
galactic parliamentary parties usually use the meeting in order to enforce own, 
political moves. As Atlan arrives with a Vesta cruiser at the Humanidrom to 
represent about the position of Camelot, sharpens the emotions teeter 
themselves high. Rossom of Atalaya, leader of the arkonidischen delegation 
demands the delivery of Hermon of Ariga. Like, to expect, refuses Atlan the 
demand, which brings in Rossoms into the fury, cool.    Atlan refers to his/its 
explanation before the Galaktikum to the current situation and releases the 
Arkoniden from the conversation. 
  At the 28. December takes place Atlans appearance in the plenary-hall of the 
Humanidroms. the Arkonide apelliert, to repulse at the unity of the Galaktikums 
about the threatening danger through the hedgehog-ships. As Cistolo Khans and 
Gia de Moleon confer directly after Atlans address with the Arkoniden, they get 
Atlans promise, for the full support of the Aktivatorträger. 
  During the next session, Kendix plans his/its spectacular action. As he/it 
draws near at Gia de Moleon approaches, he/it pulls a weapon out of organic 
matter and fires. The weapon is separate no energy-weapon however, color sprays 
merely. Kendix wanted to kill nobody but only attention for the Ferronen wanted 
to attain. His/its shot goes however incorrectly and meets the leader of the 
arkonidischen delegation, Rossom of Atalaya. In the originating tumult, nobody 
keeps an eye more on Atlan, that stands unheeded on the rostrum. This is the 
moment for Voge of Tissaque. He/it pounces on Atlan and puts in his/its body as 
weapon. Atlan can repulse the first attack, the Bodyguardses are present then. 
The shot of a bodyguard from the arkonidischen delegation kills the assassin on 
the position. Voge of Tissaques pet, a Tosszum, jumps out of the cloak of the 
dead person and lands directly on Atlans breast. The animal become endanger 
even Atlan in panic and a bite, because Tosszumses are among the most poisonous 
animals of the Milky way. Gia de Moleon can Atlan of the possierlichen, but 
very dangerous animal frees and the Arkoniden rescues. Through the taken place 
events, the conference becomes a failure, no unification occurs. Atlan leaves, 
the Humanidrom disappoints and flies back to Camelot. 5400 light-years removes, 
at a quite other place, the undoing begins to take his/its course. A 
terranische Patroullie becomes alertly on Struckturerschütterungen and comes 
upon an enormous hedgehog-vessel fleet. 
  Kummerog, that still has Bruno Drenderbaum in his/its force, follows up 
his/its goal to reach after Camelot. The Mutant of the Cantrell hopes itself to 
find the best conditions on Camelot for a return after Bröhnder. With stolen 
passage-chips, the unequal pair heads for an old area-fort in the Orion-Sektor 
in order to step with a Camelot pilot in contact.    The pilot Kerom proves to 
be Android and Kummerog on the new unmerciful and brutal, if it is about the 
prosecution of his/its goals. He/it overpowers the Androiden and manipulates 
him/it so that the machine gives him/it all important information to reach 
Camelot. The GILGAMESCH approaches with the found Igelraumer in the tow rope 
Camelot meanwhile, that second planets of the Ceres system. After Atlan hands 
over the Igelraumer to Myles cantor, the Arkonide asks the scientist to learn 
more about the look of the stranger and to find out a part of her/its/their 
technical secrets. On Camelot, one begins itself worries over the whereabouts 
of Rhodan to do Bull and Saedelaere. Some Cameloters demand to clarify 
immediate measures about the whereabouts of the 3 immortals. The Igelraumer 
becomes on dry-dock-platform II meanwhile, close to the capital Port Artur 
transfers to begin about the examinations. 
  Port Arthur has approximately 500.000 inhabitants, the city is conceived 
inhabitant for approximately 4 million however. Port Artur lies at the West 
coast the approximately Africa of big South-continent Ophir. Lying the 
buildings of the futuristic city far scatters, interrupted from big lawns. In 
approximately 20 meters of height is proceeding now, energetic 
transportation-ribbons, that like a geometrical chessboard, the buildings 
together connects. Is notably with the sight of the metropolis that seeing no 
gliders or flight-appliances over the city is. Whoever must reach another point 
in Port Artur hastily uses the developed Transmittersystem of the city. The 
city was conceived on expansion from the beginning. Cyrus Morgan, former basis 
veteran, in the meantime 140 years old and boss-scientists Camelots, leads the 
examinations at the Igelraumer. In order to reconstruct the look of the 
stranger, geneticists scan the former headquarters of the hedgehog-ship, in 
which had committed the unidentified collective suicide. The Camelot scientists 
fündig become actual and put some well erhaltene cell-systems sure. 

        Ilustration PR 1812 (c) vpmKummerog, that destroys the contact-station 
and has experienced the position of Camelots after the manipulation of the 
pilot, approaches the Ceres-System with a Space-Jet and his/its slave Bruno 
Drenderbaum. With help of the Androiden Keroms, Kummerog can emit the valid 
passage-code and can approach Camelot. Kummerog lets the Space-Jet under 
pretense of a defect fall on Camelot and jumps off with Drenderbaum previously. 
The Mutant of the Cantrell has reached his/its first goal for the moment, he/it 
is on Camelot! 

  The examinations of the hedgehog-ship stride ahead meanwhile. The Cameloters, 
that represent the Igelraumer a type of Erkunder, have found out with help of 
Myles Kantor. The Raumer had the task obviously to collect a multiplicity of 
data over the Milky way, under it hyper-physical information also like details 
over the people and civilizations of the Milky way. Obviously, the natures have 
discovered something, that all Milky Way*-inhabitants are mean and could be 
somewhat similar like the ÜBSEF constant, the hedgehog-ships on board. Also the 
deciphering of the genetic code, the guaranteed cell-structures of the stranger 
goes ahead. First data point at invertebrate natures, with indications on 
cartilage-construction. The average-size becomes from the simulator on 1,50 - 
2,0 m calculates. The most important realization of the early examinations is 
however that the strangers are sexless. 
  Kummerog and Drenderbaums come upon Rudy and Thea, that lives something 
remote in her/its/their own house on Camelot, meanwhile. The Mutant of the 
Cantrell sees the unique opportunity to use the house of the family as hiding 
place.    Approximately at the same time, Atlan arrives with a Vesta cruiser at 
the HQ-Camelot.    The Arkonide brings bad news - a LFT-Patrouille has 
discovered 10000 hedgehog-ships in the Halo of the Milky way. Atlan learns also 
about the crash of the Space-Jet with the pilot Kerom and two new candidates on 
board. The Arkonide experiences has found that one at the crash-position no 
more corpses - everything had been destroyed completely. As Atlan however still 
learns about the cancellation of the steer-station Orion-738, becomes the 
immortal light-hearing-y. Atlan induces most outer caution in the contact with 
the case, since he/it believes the two agent on Camelot has dived. 
  Atlan affiliates after it the scientists Arfe Loidans, who have completed the 
picture of the stranger from the Igelraumer in the meantime.    The simulator 
gives the picture of a nature with flat, deltaförmigen head again. The eyes are 
rigidly and lie under bony Augenbrauenwülsten.    In the front, at the muzzle 
of the nature, a finger-long horn begins. The entire, snake-similar head is 
with a green, scale-fortified skin coated. The foreign Viperidens are named 
according to the serpentine Ausehen. The pharynx of the Viperiden possesses no 
catch - or fangs in contrast to snakes. Instead, these natures own several 
rows, in the semicircle angeordneter bristles that the look of a steel-brush 
shows. 
  As the Siganese David examines Golgar a module of the hedgehog-ship more 
exactly, the undoing takes his/its course. A self-destruction-sequence is 
activated and an unquenchable atom-fire begins the ship to auffressen. David 
Golgar can escape Cyrus Morgan in last minute comes all consuming flame in 
him/it about the life. As the atom-fire grasps the service-platform II and 
begins with grasping the ground of Camelots, the possibility only remains soil 
big parts to cut out Camelots from the surface with thermo-emitters and to 
transport the isolated fire with energy-fields into the universe. 
   Summary PR 1812 - 1845 in work 
  As Perry Rhodan ventures into the Pentrische cloud for the first time, he/it 
is met with the legendary Galornens. Perry, Bully and her/its/their companions 
are hunted as invaders and are fled to know over the galornische 
Transmitternetz of station to station without the next goal. With her/its/their 
escape, the group comes Tribath upon the planet, on which 18000 black, 
galornische fight-ships stopped and is preserved. Rhodan senses the reputation 
one of the ships and goes the KEMPEST on board. On board the black ship 
experiences the Terraner details over the past of the Galornen. Reginald Bull 
and the Zentrifaal cannot endure the disastrous aura, that this place 
transmits, longer and can go back the way through the Transmitter. Rhodan 
follows them, as that releases KEMPEST him/it again. As they are left the 
reception-station she/it by robots and Galornen rearranges. 
  In the Milky way, on the planet Mount Olympus,: A strange phenomenon spreads. 
The people sink in geometrical Kritzeleien and neglect her/its/their daily 
tasks, like occupation and family. The name " of Kritzelsyndrom " is shaped for 
this urge, that indicates a Parazwang known not yet near obviously. 
  Atlan gets a cry for help from the SOL system hidden in the ATG field. The 
Arkonide must determine that Terra of the 52. Plans in the galaxy, that is 
invaded by the Kritzelsyndrom, is. The initial supposition turns over in 
certainty soon, on Terra, a philosopher eingenistet has himself/itself. Atlan 
tries something however first to fight the philosopher with conventional 
methods fails. The Gilgamesch, that waits in the Orbit of Terra for Atlan, is 
grasped by the Parakräftens of the philosopher. The personnel on board begins 
Terras the Kritzelsyndrom like the population to decline. In order to escape 
this influence, the flagship of the Zellaktivatorträger tries to fly out from 
the Solsystem. The intent fails the time-passing because of the already 
influenced personnel however. The ATG-Feld becomes for the Gilgamesch and a 
hand of fully other ships that still action-capable is, to the trap. Atlan 
grasps a consequential decision, he/it wants to switch off the 
main-tides-transformer on Mercury. Since Nathans and the local Syntronik Atlans 
intent don't support, yes even wants to balk, the possibility only remains to 
proceed with force. 2 bombs destroy the headquarters of the 
main-tides-transformer the solar system into the Einstein-universe whereupon 
falls back. The Gilgamesch flees. 
  At the 10. June 1289 NGZS, Atlan, Mila and Nadja Vandemar turns a Space-Jet 
on board and in company of 10 Modula robots to the earth back. The team seeks 
to free Terra after methods and ways from the Parazwang of the philosopher.  
  As Mila and Nadjas put in her/its/their abilities against the philosopher, 
they see dreadful pictures of the destruction like in a dream-vision. With 
her/its/their venture, they learn something about the " teachings of the 
philosopher " however also over a mysterious construction, at his originating 
should contribute them/her/it in the ban of the philosopher of standing 
Intelligenzen. 
  Approximately at the same time in the galaxy Tolkandir:  
  11.Juni 1289, Alaska Saedelaere is still in company of the young Raubyner 
Lanagh and Scheep. His/its ship, that meets Thoregon 4, on GOEDDA, and is 
destroyed with it. Alaska, the skin and the two Raubyners are lifted " by 
GOEDDA ". GOEDDA goes through the hyper-area and puts down the shipwrecked 
person at a strange place, the at noon-world. Alaska, that lurks on this world 
a big danger, recognizes quickly. Hereafter-Jack, a Mutant with many abilities 
begins to hunt the 4 shipwreckeds. In the course of the unmerciful hunt, the 
two young Raubyners lose the life and also Alaska Saedelaere only escapes the 
death barely. Is living he/it only owes the shielding effect of the skin. 
  21.Juni 1289, in the Milky way,: Atlan dunks into a dream-world, and sees in 
the vision of the philosopher of Terra, the potential future of the solar 
system and the whole galaxy. The future and the present seem to blur with it. A 
from the fate motley group sets out to visit the depopulated earth. Norman 
Erengast, the last Terraner, Yamo Dormat, the last surviving Haluter, Grek 27, 
a Maahk of that itself for the idleness of his/its people is ashamed and 
Elebor, a Posbi of that the downfall of his/its home survived. 
  In the real present, Dao-Lin-H'ay leaves into the Milky way, as she/it 
experiences the Ronald Tekener as aftereffect of the IQ Dimmers in the coma 
lies.   26.Juni 1289. The Herreaches succeed in a common prayer-effort through 
the giant Schimbaa in opening a transition to the dream-blister. The Vandemar 
twins support the Herreach on mentaler level and venture after opening of the 
passageway with her/its/their mental abilities into the foreign area. Atlan, 
Myles cantor and Dao-Lin-H'ay follow as " physical " use-team. However the 
things develop negatively. The mirror-twins are tracked down by a mighty 
Parawesen and are pursued. The rescuing exit already before eyes, they are put 
by GOEDDA and are killed. The transition cannot be held de mirror-twin of the 
Herreaches without the support frankly longer and cannot be collapsed. Balcony, 
the way back is cut off Myles and Dao with it. You/they are stuck in the 
dream-blister. 
  In the galaxy Plantagoo, retrospective view up to the present,: Kaif 
Chiriatha, a Galornin that in the Pentrischen cloud grows up, becomes from Ce 
Rhioton, the second runner Thoregons as his/its successor selected. Kaif 
develops in the sprint of the action into the leading authority under the 
Galornen and acknowledges as successor as well as replacement of Ce Rhioton. 
Kaif is must it, that the Shifting of the Zentrifaal orders, the Rhodan and 
Bull miterleben. 
  Rhodan, Bull and the Zentrifaal are put by the Galornens in the azure city. 
At the same time, Foremon, the guard of the basalt-level, meets in which 
Pentrischen cloud one. The Galornin Kaif Chiriatha begins to interrogate Rhodan 
and Foremon. The Adlat still believes that the two stranded Terraner murderers 
are at the 4.Boten Thoregons. In the house of Ce Rhioton, Foremon discovers 
locked up in one basalt-block, a Passantum, that has intended Ce Rhioton for 
him/it. Through a data-storage, Ce Rhioton conveys a job at Foremon to come 
back after Galorn to the fungus-cathedral. The Adlat should cross the bridge 
into the infinity with help of the Passantums.  
  On Tribath begins itself to long the syntronische consciousness of the ship 
KEMPEST for a new commander. KEMPEST remembers the meeting with Perry Rhodan. 
The galornische fight-ship appoints Rhodan to his/its new commander and sends 
out a Kampfrobot, about which to get Terraner to itself. The Robot proceeds 
very thoughtlessly with it, completely after the programming of the " old " 
Galornen. The Robot applies force, that the Galornens can confront only 
defensively. With a cunning, Rhodan convinces to destroy itself/themselves the 
Kampfrobot. Since no connection exists to Kempest, the black fight-ship 
registers nothing of the event on Helter Baaken. Perry Rhodan is met with 
Foremon and is lifted mentale connection with the guard of the basalt-level, 
that is brought about obviously by the two Passantis. A communication occurs 
between the Terranern, Kaif and Foremon.  
  The Adlat must accept the innocence of the Terraner through the mentale 
transmission of the Passanti.  
  April 1289 NGZ Bei the return flight after Galorn Rhodan breaks through 
Foremons the hate once again and escapes only barely one attack of the Adlaten. 
  Atlan, Dao and Myleses are caught in the dream-blister. Fast becomes clear 
them, that they are in a gigantic construction and deal it to itself that with 
it about that construction, of which the disciples of the philosophers have 
spoken. They succeed in employing some investigations, before they are 
discovered by the Physanderns and are hunted. In the center of the 
construction, the " Kardia " is, the heart of him/it a strong par-abnormal 
power goes out. The 3 Galaktikers can escape exactly the final access of the 
Physander. Nevertheless, the situation seems hopeless. On command of the 
Chaeroders Ympalor, the Physander Ockonea starts the prosecution-action within 
the dream-blister. 
  The 3 Zellaktivatorträgers are still caught within the dream-blister and on 
the escape before the Physandern. The condition of Dao-Lins increasingly 
becomes worse. To all bad is damaged her/its/their Serun and threatens to 
explode through overload. Also Myles cantor begins to show symptoms of a 
mentalen influence through the Kardia. The 3, that is parked about the 
construction more than only one Gliederschiff, recognize. Atlan and Myleses 
decide to go one of the Gliederschiffes on board, since atmospheric pressure 
and temperatures, that it allows to set aside Daos suit for a repair, prevail 
only there. In the Gliederschiff, the 3 fleeting are met with the Physander 
Chlock.    The Physander behaves for his/its Artgenossen absolutely atypically 
and helps to repair Myles Dao-Lins Serun. The Physander seems to be fascinated 
by the juncture with " ASSOCIATION ". Before the Physander through Ympalor 
finds the death, he/it reveals Myles cantor the possibility to tap the 
data-storage of the Gliederschiffes. There, the 3 Zellaktivatorträgers learn 
about " Shabazzas commandments " for the first time. Whoever hides behind the 
name however first remains unclear. 
  1.Juli 1289 NGZS, 47 Tucanis,: The Tolkanders furnish themselves in 26 
systems of the ball-star-pile domestically. Still, the Tolkanderflotte counts 
approximately 200000 hedgehog-ships. Approximately 20000 ships of the 
Galaktiker face you.    10000 black Kugelraumers of the Haluter, 6000 
terranische fight-ships, 2000 Fragmentraumers of the Posbis and more 2000 ships 
of different Milky Way*-people. The Posbi commandant Relebo, what succeeds to 
venture it with help of the Tangle-Schild-Chips on a world busy from the 
Tolkanderns in order to explore the Tolkander on the busy worlds undertakes. 
After successful mission and the return of Tolk-17, Relebo volunteers for an 
use on Terra. He/it receives the job to free the LFT top management from the 
influence of the philosopher and to bring from Terra on the Gilgamesch, that 
still stands at the edge of the SOL system in Wartestellung. The Posbi command 
is surprised on Terra of the chief glimmer and can complete the mission only 
under heavy victims. On the 8 July, the number of the Gliederschiffe is on over 
1000 increased.  
  8.Juli 1289 NGZS: The Physander Camock introduces the conclusion of the first 
extension-step of Goeddas construction. The AZZAMUS occurs, that first 
evolution-jump. Goedda grows explosion-like from the Kardia and engulfs the 
organic tube-system of the construction with it. The organic mass assumes 
Goeddas the original form of the tube-system with it. The 3 in the 
dream-blister implied Zellaktivatorträger can make ready Goedda pains 
sensitively admitteldly, her/its/their growth however doesn't detain. Many 
Physander and Chaeroders sacrifice themselves, in that they sacrifice 
her/its/their organic measurements for Goeddas growth. The AZZAMUS is the cause 
for him/it the first " glimmer-effect " outside the dream-blister. 
  Action-place at noon-world: Alaska Saedelaere 
  As Alaska Saedelaere reaches the Kilimandscharo projection of the at 
noon-world, he/it is met with " Jenseitsdreur ", the twin of the philosopher of 
Terra (regent of Terra). As Alaska succeeds through a cunning in destroying the 
body of Jenseitsdreur, begins itself to dissolve the lot of the philosopher of 
Terra. The cover of the dream-blister becomes " löchrig " and from the 
hyper-area absorbed. 
  However the " spirit " of Jenseitsdreur has survived and can overpower the 
skin, that short time of Alaska has separated, mental. As the parasite cuddles 
about Alaska's bodies, the Zellaktivatorträger notices the danger too late. 
He/it turns into the weak-willed marionette of Jenseitsdreurs and gives the 
dead believed philosopher a new body so. The hole in the cover of Goeddas area 
can be stabilized by Jenseitsdreur again. 
  Action-place Goeddas construction: Atlan 
  Atlan is still separated cantor by Dao-Lin and Myles. He/it hovers in his/its 
Serun weightless through the Silbernebel, that surrounds the construction. As 
the first growth-thrust starts, Atlans extra-sense receives extensive 
information over GOEDDA. Atlans extra-sense justifies this information-flood 
with it that people remember mostly only with her/its/their death at 
her/its/their behind life, Goedda however with each new growth-thrust. 
  Atlan experiences the evolution Goeddas, how she/it has occurred in the 
distant galaxy Suuvar. Goedda is the product of the Gentechnikers Irra'Anvete, 
that belongs to the people of the Insedder-Brüder. His/its goal is to be 
created a genetic Gebärmaschine, that the supplies at Vivoc - and consequently 
at fighters for the 1000 year old warfare against the Viniden guarantees. 
However Goedda gets besides control and begins to turn with it against his/its 
producers. As the galaxy is almost depopulated by all life already, the Nonggos 
appear by the order of the coalition of Thoregon and insulate Goedda in 
her/its/their brood-cosmos. The danger is entranced for the time being. First 
Shabazza, a mysterious stranger, GOEDDA frees and gives her/it/them the 
possibility her/its/their Gebärtrieb to follow. GOEDDA must submit its term 
however and must depopulate chosen goals only from him/it. First, Shabazza 
chooses the galaxy Tolkandir. He/it points out newly erstarkt GOEDDA the way to 
the Milky way. It is Shabazzas goal obviously, the people of the Milky way and 
in the particular, to wipe out the Terraner. Shabazza does hints of 3 more 
cosmic dangers, that he/it has revived Thoregon for his/its fight against the 
coalition. 
  11. July 1289 NGZS, Atlan, Dao-Lin and Myles now knows the true identity 
Goeddas and grasps the cosmic danger, that assumes the entity, in full scope. 
The 3 Zellaktivatorträgers are still locked up in Goeddas brood-cosmos and are 
hunted by the Physanderns. You/they decide to transform one of the 
Gliederschiffe into a hyper-bomb and Myles succeeds in planning the necessary 
circuits. The expected explosion, that should destroy Goedda and the 
brood-cosmos, is for the 18. July 1289 planned.    The Zellaktivatorträgers are 
themselves ready to sacrifice for the welfare of the galaxy if necessary. 
  14 -17 Julys 1289 NGZS, that decide Herreach, itself, to start a renewed 
attempt, to open a gate in Goeddas brood-cosmos, - first however only with 
moderate success. The gate has opened occasionally admitteldly from Trokan from 
doesn't stabilize. After all, the Herreach details of " hereafter " of the gate 
can recognize. So, the most upper Kündering Presto Go believes to have decided 
Atlan on the other side. Also the philosophers are amounted by the Herreaches, 
however with it the feasible finishes for the time being. The Herreaches don't 
progress. Since they recognize the danger for Terra and Trokan after the chief 
glimmer plainly, decides to break Presto Go with all traditions and Trokan, to 
leave Terra in direction. 
  18. July 1289 NGZS, that have Herreach, Terra reaches and forms in her/it 
sews the philosopher. They succeed with it, presumably through the spatial 
proximity, to open the gate to Goeddas brood-cosmos and to stabilize. Homer G. 
of Adam uses the odd and sends out 10000 badly armed fight-robots through the 
originated opening in Goeddas brood-cosmos. That is the rescue for the 3 caught 
Zellaktivatorträgers. Atlan, Dao and Myleses can escapes during the 
terranischen fight-robots to the attack on Goedda through the gate changes. As 
the battle erupts, that of Myles cantor ignites, hyper-bomb installed. That is 
Goeddas end. The brood-cosmos dissolves and the essence is blown into the 
hyper-area. The Herreaches can still recognize, as the philosophers on 
fragments of the hyper-area-blister in the 5-D - continuum aborts, so also 
Alaska Saedelaere, that was overpowered by the philosopher Terras mental.  
  Is it the end of the Terraners..........? 
  In Plantagoo.... 
  On Damor-Mitte, that seventh planets of the Damorgen system, representatives 
of those colonies of the Zentrifaal, that were not exposed to the Shifting, 
meet. The humiliation through the Galornen, that had compulsory-pacified the 
center of the Zentrifaal with the brutal weapon of the Shifting, sits deeply. 
The Zentrifaals grasp to protest the plan itself against the Galornen. There a 
single ship appears in the Damorgen-System and inflicts the gathered Zentrifaal 
armada heavy damages. The commander of the Zentrifaal fleet recognizes the 
superiority of the aggressor and leaves 5000 ships of his/its fleet start the 
retreat in order to withdraw the ships of the annihilation. With over 1000 
remained units, he/it pounces on the single ship - is beaten however damning. 
As the command-ship in the end only stands with respect to the Zentrifaal the 
Stranger, the unknown opens his/its impenetrable umbrella and gives to 
recognize itself/themselves. It is a black fight-ship of the Galornen! 
  Galorn: During the touch on Galorn in the system Galornenstern, Perry Rhodan, 
Reginald Bull and Foremon of a strong aggression-radiation are surprised and 
are grasped. The radiation has her/its/their origin on Galorn unequivocally.    
All on board the Galornenraumers loses the mastery and declines her/its/their 
aggression-instincts. Foremon succeeds in steering the Pegoom in last second on 
another course and to steer the ship of Galorn away. From the influence of the 
radiation escapes the 3 grasp to put down the plan Rhodan and Bull with a 
country-capsule on Galorn. Foremon removes itself after Ausschleusung of the 
two Zellaktivatorträger of Galorn and goes outside the system on Wartestellung. 
He/it tries to lift with Kaif Chiriatha connection in vain. Something must have 
happened to the Galornens.....   Doogerosch: A strange, for Galornen of the 
modern time incomprehensible phenomenon makes itself wide. Seemingly from 
Helter Baaken from, a slowly progressing aggression-wave spreads across the 
central-system of the Galornen in the Pentrischen cloud. First only the city of 
the children is involved and the educators register an unnaturally high 
aggression-willingness of the young Galornen - then becomes remove areas of 
Doogerosch also further involved. The most upper Galornin Kaif Chiriatha 
suspects a defect of the dragon, that leads to it, that the stored 
aggression-quotas of the Galornen escape and can poison the surroundings. 
She/it calls the dragon-builders and reaches that the dragon of Helter Baaken 
of a checkup in a vote is subjected, however it is too late. As 17 
dragon-builders under leadership of Pega Mrion approach the shaft, they are 
overpowered by the aggression-radiation. The last, desperate attempt, to hold 
the catastrophe open, fails. Doogerosch sinks is not spared by the 
aggression-radiation in anarchy and also Kaif Chiriatha. As climax explodes the 
almost completed Heliotische bulwark and 12 ships of the black fleet is 
abducted by Tribath. One of the commanders of these ships is the young 
dragon-farmer Pega Mrion. 
  Galorn: Also the dragon of Galorn frees the stored aggression-quotas 
unchecked.  
  That receives clearly to sense Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bull. The two 
immortals fight an almost hopeless fight against the again and again beginning 
to grow aggression and against Szuker, that Androhüter of Herz-Fünf, that wants 
to prevent under all circumstances, that crosses somebody the former city of 
the Galornen. In last second, it succeeds to outwit the immortal Szuker and to 
destroy. The way seems freely, however the again and again beginning to grow 
aggression grasps Rhodan and Bull mercilessly. 
  The progressing aggression now grasps all Galornen of the Pentrischen cloud.  
  Even those few Galornens, that are in secret mission in Plantagoo on the way, 
sense the radiations of the defective dragons. While Kaif Chiriatha even loses 
more and more the control over itself and shouts out itself to the Kriegsherrin 
of the Galornen, it succeeds to venture Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bull into the 
shaft of the dragon of Galorn. It costs the Zellaktivatorträgern because of the 
strong aggression-radiation indescribable self-control to attack not one on the 
other. Also Perry and Bull have amounted the dragon as sources of the ominous 
radiation long ago. As they examine the shaft-ground of the dragon near, they 
find the dragon-hoard, a domed undercut of the shaft, in which the 
installations of the dragon are installed obviously. Perry and Bully discover 
tracks of destruction and sabotage at the incomprehensible, apparent half 
organic installations. Has somebody sabotaged the dragons consciously to drive 
about the Galornen into the chaos? 
  Kaif has the black ships manned in Plantagoo and chooses even the KEMPEST as 
her/its/their flagship. Since she/it can trust nobody, she/it has a 
Holoprojektion created after model the legendary pool of Tammen, that takes on 
the leadership in the Pentrischen cloud in her/its/their absence. Kaif puts the 
commanders with the stolen black ships and destroys all, finally also Pega 
Mrion, the former dragon-farmer. 
  The neuerschaffene pool of Tammen Kaif tries going back on her/its/their 
home-world to outwit and to seize the power. Although only one projection, too 
much of his/its model was given to the artificial creature. The recreated pool 
of Tammen tries to attain the command over the KEMPEST and to turn off Kaif so. 
KEMPEST decides on Gunsten of the new commander Kaif however, deactivates the 
artificial creature and deletes it from the storage. The way for Kaif is 
freely...... 
  In the Milky way..... 
  19. July 1289 NGZS: The danger through Goedda seems entranced since the 
annihilation of the brood-cosmos. Nevertheless, Atlan of nightmares is 
bothered. He/it already sees the downfall of the leading civilizations of the 
galaxy through the Tolkanderflotten, that is still present 47 Tucanis in 
sector, in his/its dreams.    However it first happens nothing such. In the 
Solsystem has arrived the situation quietly. The present Zallaktivatorträgers 
decide the deceased Vandemar twins to give the last convoy and inter the 
crystallized bodies in a specifically furnished and sealed mausoleum on the 
birth-planet of the twins, Saira. 
  Going back in 47 Tucanis experiences Atlan of a Spähauftrag of the Posbis, 
which wants to land on a planet busy from the Tolkanderns with the name Tolk-7 
and closes, itself the group at. The Posbises get the Tangle-Scan-Schild, a 
development of the Haluter, before. The Posbises would like herrausfinden, 
whether the Tolkanders after the destruction still hold on Goeddas to 
her/its/their activities or break off her/its/their bases in 47 Tucanis.    
During Atlan with the Posbis on Tolk-7 lands, worrying news of the blues comes 
world Apas. The Apas blues that itself Apasos names, claims on her/its/their 
world the Kritzelsyndrom would have broken out and demands the assistance of 
the Galaktiker.  
  At the 23. Dao-Lin-H'ay and Myleses approach July 1289 NGZS cantor the ENZA 
with a small association of 22 blues-navigating the Pahl-System on board. The 
blues living on Apas are extremely nervously and claim that a constantly 
climbing number of inhabitants declines the Kritzelwahn. Actually, the 
Zellaktivatorträgers find a number blues, that show a similar behavior, like 
the creatures on those worlds, that were invaded by the philosophers before.  
  Atlan and the Posbises have succeeded in the meantime in latching 
itself/themselves on Tolk-7 into the communication-system of the Tolkander. 
You/they can monitor the news, that is exchanged between the Tolkanderführern. 
It seems, as if the Tolkanders through the loss have not been brought Goeddas 
from the concept. You/they consider the loss of the " big mother " postponement 
and in no way as the failure of her/its/their original plan. The use-group on 
Tolk-7, that the Tolkanders receive a hyper-energetic signal, that listens to 
itself like a heart attack or a sphere-sound, is still aware of. The 
use-command must retreat then however and can escape in last second. 
  Alaska Saedelaere lives! That of the Zellaktivatorträger still under the 
living is lies mainly at it that Jenseitsdreur could insulate the blasted lot 
and as a small, in itself closed hyper-area-blister has stabilized.  
  Alaska has not blown away in the hyper-area therefore. Nevertheless, the 
Terraner has to please itself/themselves no reason. He/it is injured heavily, 
enclosed still from the skin and also Jenseitsdreur still exists as 
consciousness-component of the skin. The philosopher is weakened admitteldly 
strongly and can hardly fight against Alaskas wiedererstarktes consciousness, 
an attempt Goeddas child the even, to amount, goes wrong however. Only slowly, 
Alaska recognizes the whole truth. Jenseitsdreur seeks to unify his/its twin 
Dreur about itself with him/it and from the originating proto-matter one " 
baby, to testify mother ". 
  Alaska recognizes, that probably most, if even all philosophers didn't escape 
the annihilation this way. 
  Terras philosopher has himself/itself during the explosion of Goeddas area on 
another world teleportiert instinctively, as Alaska experiences slowly 
especially after Arkon I. soon, the disastrous influence of the Kritzelwahnes 
spreads again. As Dreur in the small hyper-area-blister appears Alaska is to be 
fought solidly resolved up to the end. Alaska begins to hunt Dreur that 
possessing no exceptional body-strengths in the comparison to Jenseitsdreur 
seems. A fight erupts it on lives and dead. Alaska, that had ascended through 
the annihilation of the big mother the threat sooner, is clear. 52 philosophers 
could tries 52 babies to generate mothers, that grew up and multiplied the 
original danger. 
  A duel occurs on lives and death. Alaska, through his/its heavy injuries 
handicapped to be subject to in the last moment seems. There, unexpected help 
comes in topmost need. Benjamin of Jacinta, a young Arkonide appears in the 
dream-blister and stretches Dreur with a stone's throw down.    Alaska doesn't 
understand had gotten like the Arkonide into the blister. Benjamin claims, that 
would be his/its dream. Alaska sees the low-stretched philosopher and knows 
that he/it must kill the nature, to turn away at least about a threat.    
Alaska, that will violate the small hyper-area-blister with the death of Dreur, 
also knows - and everything something in her/it/them is. The Terraner hesitates 
no second and does something must be done. As Dreur dies the dream-blister 
dissolves. Benjamin, the dream-dancer, can rescue Alaska in last second and can 
steer into the Einstein-universe. The news piles up it itself over new, from 
the Kritzelsyndrom befallene earth. Atlan sees only one possibility the 
originating " small mothers " to confront; the Herreach must be won for another 
use against the mini-hyper-area-blowing. The young Kosmopsychologin Bré Tsinga 
is selected in order to hold first negotiations with the Herreaches. Together 
with Atlan, she/it can win the Herreach for a first use. 
  At the 7.August 1289, it succeeds with help the Herreach the " Baby to 
destroy mother ", that had itself on the planet Plophos eingenistet. From Arkon 
I from Alaska lifts contact with Atlan and gives the Arkoniden important 
information over the plans of the philosophers. Each of the small mothers can 
mutate to a new Goedda therefore. It is now important quickly and decided to 
deal, because most philosophers have already united to small mothers and have 
begun to send out particular hyper-signals.    The signals reminiscent at " 
heart attacks " are apparently used for the communication among each other, but 
also the Tolkanders can measure the rhythmic signals. 
  Initial successes are correct positively. So, Apas can be freed Ertrus and 
the blues-world. All that however would not have been possible without the help 
of the Herreach. The people of Trokan can a transition to the 
mini-dream-blisters with his/its mentalen abilities, which open is fought over 
the access of the Terranerns. 
  A new, valuable helper finds Atlan in the Sabinnerin Bré Tsinga, their 
Husslar cannot befriend obviously with the Arkoniden. Bré Tsinga begins to 
occupy Goeddas with the history more intensively. She/it is confident that the 
key is to be sought for the elimination of this cosmic threat in the past. Bré 
comes upon the details over happening in the galaxy Suuvar and the Schwaze hole 
Umam-Urra anew. After a serious attack Jafkos on Atlan decides Bré to bring 
back the Husslar on her/its/their home-world. There, she/it has the igniting 
idea obviously..... 
  The fight of the small mothers proves zusehens more difficult. The Tolkander, 
from the signals of the small mothers lured, more and more hyper-area-blowing 
shield before the access of the Galaktiker. First heavy losses occur. As Bré 
lifts connection with Atlan again, mothers could be destroyed 5 babies only 
more. Remaining, 43 of these Goedda renaissances of those still can grow up 
everyone after the statement of Alaska to the cosmic threat. 
  The initial successes of the Galaktiker with the fight against the small 
mothers get in the hesitates. Lured through her/its/their cries for help, the 
Tolkanderflottens shield more and more them/her/it itself developing 
birth-organisms.    Only 9 hyper-area-blowing with philosophers as well as 
small mothers could be destroyed with help of the Herreach. Into these, 
hopeless appearing situation, Bré Tsinga bursts with an audacious plan. The 
Sabinnerin has found a crucial hint, with which she/it believes, with the study 
of Atlans memory-protocol to can remove all remaining small mothers with a hit. 
Bré Tsinga is convinced of it, that in the Urerinnerung Goeddas and 
consequently also her/its/their own children, still the longing after the 
Kaskadierenden fires of Uman-Urra, from which the Gebärorganismus derives 
his/its development to the big mother, germinates. Bré forges the plan to take 
advantage of the longing of the small mothers about itself her/its/their, to 
dispose. Her/its/their plan includes a projection generated by the Herreaches, 
which imitates the Kaskadierenden fires and lies sufficiently near at the 
center Black-Hole of the Milky way, in order to guarantee that that fascinates 
attracted small mothers behind him/it of event-horizon of the Black-Holes is 
pulled and consequently for always from the galaxy vanishes. Brés plan is 
belonged by the Cameloterns admitteldly and is greeted, first pushes on 
skepticism however. Not finally Myles cantor and Atlan shows some Knackpunkte 
in Brés thought-model. As however the last, still missed, baby mother close to 
him/it of center Black-Hole is found, one decides to move Bré Tsingas plan 
itself. In order to generate the gigantic projection, a prayer-place is 
furnished on a Flottentender of the LFT for 20000 Herreaches. Bré Tsinga has 
big share at it, that the Herreaches state to this action ready, on the other 
hand. The LFT positioniert, to fake 2000 hyper-probes about the hyper-radiation 
emitted by Kaskadierenden fire. Atlan and Brés begin to understand the " melody 
" of the hyper-radiation with it from Atlans memory and to have emitted from 
the probes. And actually, the small mothers fall for the illusion and appear at 
the edge of the event-horizon of Dengejaa Uveso. You/they absolutely seem to 
the influence of the illusion generated by the Galaktikerns to decline. On the 
climax of the event, the small mothers unite to a new big mother. There, the 
new Goedda recognizes her/it/them a deception that to the victim fell - however 
it is already too late. The radiation of the Michstraßen Black-Holes causes an 
unchecked proliferation of Goeddas cell-mass. This effect remains the 
Galaktikerns, that pursue the event in appropriate distance, hidden. Hidden not 
remains Goeddases forced Schmerzens - and help-screams with those she/it after 
her/its/their children however calls. Little by little, the fleets of the 
Tolkander meet an and coalesces Goeddas, their ache-screams increase 
constantly, with the hyper-area-blister. Nobody can explain the action of the 
Tolkander exactly, but one suspects a security-circuit, with which SHABAZZA 
Goedda has safeguarded and was activated them/her/it of the Galaktikerns by the 
running action unconsciously. Goedda finally falls with the entire 
Tolkanderflotte into the Black-Hole and falls silent. It, that was removed the 
danger of the Tolkander, can be assumed. Bré Tsinga is celebrated by all sides 
as the savior of the galaxy and is gotten to go over the offer after Camelot. 
  Retrospective view: 8.Juni 1289 NGZS, in group Siganesen makes itself 30 
meters with the umgerüsteten to visit Space-Jet GLADOR on the way about the 
home planet of the ENNOX. The expedition has the goal to learn valuable 
information about the Tolkander and the momentary residence of Perry Rhodan.    
Arrived on the planet of the Veego, the Siganesen changes of the surface and 
the " card of the universe " register. Like the Siganesen determines, some 
positions of the gigantic card, that is projected by the ENNOXS into the heaven 
of Mystery, are missing. Somewhat uncommon seems to proceed on the planet of 
the ENNOX..... 
  Another arena is the Taylfing, close to the big emptiness. Since the events 
about the Sampler planets and the Abruse, some Theanses begin to change 
her/its/their attitude to the Ayindis and the terranischen " taboo-breakers ". 
It turns out but that some androgenic even as advisors of the Theans acts.    
Obviously one has recognized the uniqueness of these robots in the Damurial and 
begins to use her/it/them for itself. There are still proponents of the old 
emptiness. It comes to attach to confrontations between that Theans which the 
old commandments and such which the Theanschulens would like to reform.   
Mystery: The 5 Siganesens on board the GLADOR registers strange processes on 
the surface of Mystery. The Model of the universe seems to dissolve slowly 
however continually and only leaves becomes dark stains at the heaven of 
Mystery. About the Ennoxes themselves, the Siganesens first learn nothing. It 
seems, as if the Veegos are not worried further. As then however hyper-physical 
phenomenons increases and dissolves the model more and more itself, appears 
Philip and gives the Siganesens some information. 
  The Ennoxes are tone his/its statement certain to it as " 3. Strength ", to 
form new life-islands into the Arresum to überwechseln and with the concepts 
and the Nucturnen. The personnel of the Glador experiences at the 31. August 
1289 NGZS like the Ennox our universe leaves and flies back to Camelot then. 
  April 1289 NGZ Plantagoos: Perry Rhodans and Reginald Bull have left Galorn 
again. The dragon has been sabotaged and has been robbed his/its 
storage-ability. The aggression-quotas still become freely and make the two 
Terranerns to manage heavily, that tries in the country-capsule to reach the 
PEGOOM. You/they have a cell-test of the perished material with it, that lines 
the dragon-hoard. As the Terraners of Foremon are lifted, appears a black ship 
of the Galornen and the PEGOOM flees into the orientation-protection of the 
near sun. While the PEGOOM Perry and Bully battle against the attack-good 
aggression-thrusts on board, the black ship begins to hunt the PEGOOM. Foremon 
steers the small Galornenraumer and can escape the black warship in last 
second. Cries for help at the few, still unaffected Galornens remain without 
results. To one is listened admitteldly, no support gets however. The 3 decide 
to approach the central-world of the Zentrifaal in order to analyze the 
tissue-tests with the technical help of this people and, to find a method 
maybe, to confront the disintegration-process. You/they get country-permission 
after some negotiations. The Galornens had been content with destroying only 
the ships of the system temporarily. There were some damages for Z-Z, however 
the bulk of the population was unscathed - if one refrains from the Shifting, 
that the Zentrifaals had suffered before outbreak of the aggressions. The 
Zentrifaals do themselves to examine the tissue-rehearsing at it from the 
dragon-hoard, doesn't come the secret on the track however. Only as the 
Tasch-Ter-Mans intervene in the examination, there are first realizations. It, 
that it is about artificially generated cells, is found out. Much important 
however is the realization, that must have been generated this tissue of the 
Tasch-Ter-Mans themselves. The PEGOOM leaves anew to visit about the main-world 
of the Tasch-Ter-Man. Anew, a black ship of the Galornen appears. The PEGOOM is 
met heavily and can escape damaged. As the small ship falls back into the 
normal-area again, most systems are defective. It only remains the odd to 
transmit a Notruf..... 
  At other position in the galaxy Plantagoo: A-Gatergadd, the commander of the 
Zentrifaal fleet which of Kaif Chiriatha personally was smashed, the 
destruction of his/its ship has survived like through a miracle with Trieger. 
The fleet-commander is embittered and swears the Galornen vengeance. He/it 
knocks down contradictions in the own rows unmerciful. A-Gatergadd leaves all 
still collect airworthy ships of the Zentrifaal to the last public notice. 
  The Notruf of the havarierten PEGOOM is belonged. A white Galornenschiff 
lifts the wreck and his/its passengers. As Rhodan of the commander his/its 
plan, to fly to Tasch-Term, expounds to use about the potential of the 
Tasch-Ter-Man for the examination of the tissue-test from the dragon-hoard, the 
Galornens refuse each help however. You/they pursue an own plan and want to 
meet all still intact, white ships, about her/its/their aggressive Artgenossens 
of the Pentrischen cloud to shiften. 
  Rhodan, Foremon and Bully get a new Kleinraumer however, that PEGOOM, with 
which they continue her/its/their trip, identical. 
  On Tasch-Term, they get the necessary support. You/they find an old 
galornische station in the swamps of the planet, in the Perry Rhodan hint on 
long ago last events gets. A report of Londa Dat contains important information 
over the past and the way, as that lost Galornen her/its/their aggression. The 
Tasch-Ter-Mans succeed in analyzing the tissue-test from the dragon-hoard of 
Galorn and to produce synthetically. 
  Into a daring undertaking, the tissue generated by the Tasch-Ter-Mans is put 
into the dragon-hoard of Galorn. The new tissue absorbs the perished cells and 
begins to repair the damage. The aggression-radiation decreases - the dragon of 
Galorn is repaired. Rhodan uses the opportunity to go over the bridge, about 
which to inform Terraner in the Solsystem about the arrival of the Heliotischen 
bulwark. Bully remains behind with Foremon. You/they should develop a plan 
during Rhodans absence, as the remaining, defective dragons can be repaired in 
Plantagoo. Dreadful news is caused by the Pentrischen cloud. The fleet of the 
Zentrifaal was beaten damning and also the white Raumers of the Galornen could 
not push through her/its/their intent and could not be subject to the black 
Kampfraumerns. 
  10. September 1289 NGZS, Perry Rhodan crosses the fungus-cathedral on Galorn 
and goes over the bridge into the infinity back to Trokan. It is his/its plan 
to warn the Terraner of the arrival of the Heliotischen bulwark. At the walk 
over the bridge, the dialogue occurs with the Passantum. Rhodan experiences, 
that he/it is regarded as half runner, what has him/it, that the Terraners 
should be accepted Thoregon as new people into the coalition, closed. As Rhodan 
tries to connect the bridge with help of the Passantums after Trokan, he/it 
comes upon the proto-gate among other things, a border that still no runner has 
overstepped. 
  On Trokan arrived Perry Rhodan is met with Atlan, Alaska and Cistolo barge.   
 The information-exchange occurs. Rhodan turns to finish after Galorn about the 
war in Plantagoo back instantaneously again. 
  On Galorn: While Rhodans absence releases Foremons Passantum an up to now 
closed memory Foremons. The Adlat and Bully discovers the arsenal of Ce 
Rhioton, in which they find all sorts of technical Equipment as well as a white 
small-spaceship of the Galornen. The ship, that THOREGON II, the PEGOOM 
resembles externally it is however, as that find out 2 soon, even the black 
Raumern of the Galornen far thinks. As Rhodan comes back the THOREGON II is 
start-clearly and puts in to repair the dragon of Helter Baaken for the plan. 
After the reception the from the Tasch-Ter-Man synthetisierten cell-cloth, a 
first meeting occurs in the central-system of the Zentrifaal with 4 black 
fight-navigating of the Galornen. Despite the small size, the THOREGON II beats 
3 of the attacking Galornenschiffe damning.    The superiority of the Thoregon 
technology becomes clear. 
  Together with a second Galornenraumer, that SCARV-3, the immortals get going 
into the Pentrische cloud. You/they are yourself/themselves sure the support of 
A-Caliform and his/its clan that is susceptible no longer as geshiftete 
Zentrifaal for the aggression-radiation of the defective dragon of Helter 
Baaken. During Foremon and Reginald Bull with the THOREGON-2 the galornische 
fleet binds, Rhodans and the Zentrifaal can land on Helter Baaken. It succeeds 
to produce the dragon again and to stop the aggression of the Galornen. The 
pacified Galornens don't appear however reasonably and are not ready to learn 
from the past.    You/they exist to guarantee the peace of Plantagoo on it 
after the old pattern and to stop each warlike action through the Shifting. 
  Rhodan, Bully however especially the Zentrifaal is extremely disappoints. The 
realization the Galornen rescued and, to have imposed an imposed peace on 
her/its/their own people through it, they cannot come to terms with. The 
Zentrifaal, that repaired the dragon of Helter Baaken, all in front A-Caliform, 
commits collective suicide. 
  Rhodan decides to go renewed over the bridge into the infinity about after Ce 
Rhioton or the third runners, to look for Kuntherherr. Foremon affiliates the 
two immortals. Rhodan tries to follow the hint of Foremons and puts the bridge 
a, in order to reach the Baolin-Ndas.    The Passantum grants an insight of 
hereafter of the fungus-cathedral and shows an explosion. Foremons attempt, to 
leave the fungus-cathedral despite the repulsive picture, fails. As the bridge 
renews is adjusted, the Passantum shows them a completely unexpected picture. 
You/they see a world, that could be terranischen origin. Buildings, signs and 
natures that she/it sees, terranisches work. 
  Eagerly, they cross the new world....... 
      Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 28 


Cycle 27 - the Tolkander (2)Zyklus 27: The Tolkander (2) 
      Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 28 

  More and more hedgehog-ships now appear in the galaxy and no coalition of the 
Milky way seems to be spared by them. So, an incident occurs in the system 
Araaquammpe, in which the Uniters entertain a colony, for example. Some 
hedgehog-ships have bolted the colony and have tried a fleet the forum of 
Raglund to expel the invaders. Also Voge of Tissaque, Arkonide and strict 
supporter of the new crystal-empire is on board the leadership-ship. Voge of 
Tissaque looks desperately for a cure for his/its badly sickened sister, who is 
in a special-receptacle on board. The Arkonide possesses a small, possierliches 
pet, a Tosszum, that dance on his/its shoulder back and forth constantly, 
furthermore. As the leadership-ship of the blues gets the first hits, the 
Arkonide flees with his/its sister in a yawl. As Voge of Tissaque the planet 
Atalaya, in the periphery of M13 reaches, he/it is called Rossom of Atalaya to 
the arkonidischen commander. Rossom offers Voge of Tissaque for the medical 
care of his/its sister a business....   The strangers slam also in the 
proximity of the SOL-Systems. In the Wega-System, 27 light-years of SOL 
removes, appears hedgehog-ship suddenly and covers Ferrol, that eighth planets 
of the Wega-Systems, with which Tangle-Scan. Kendix, a political representative 
of the Ferronen in the Galaktikum experiences the attack at the own body. 
Kendix, that is in the election campaign, immediately leaves Ferrol after the 
attack of the hedgehog-ships in order to take part in a session of the 
Galaktikums in the Humanidrom. He/it plans to force a spectacular appearance 
before the galactic committee about more attention and support for the 
Wega-System of the LFT. 
  Kriesenstimmung prevails on Terra. The communications from all parts of the 
Milky way are alerting. Paola Daschmagan, the first Terranerin confers with 71 
deputies over the current situation and the forthcoming session of the 
Galaktikums. That of the LFT conscript session should obtain a closed action of 
the Galaktiker against the invaders. Gia de Moleons has another, to add 
worrying point. After sources of her/its/their TLD agents, an assassination is 
planned on a leading personality. Whoever should be goal of the attack is 
unknown however. 
  Voge of Tissaque is initiated by Rossom into his/its plans. He/it should 
commit an assassination during the session in the Humanidrom. His/its right 
hand is prepared as weapon. Through particular annoy-commands, Voge of Tissaque 
can condense the molecular structure of his/its fingers and they just like a 
dagger start. Rossom, that is undertaken everything, assures admitteldly to 
withdraw the access of the Terraner about him/it after the assassination, 
however Voge of Tissaque doubts Rossoms sincerity. Only because of the recovery 
of his/its sister, the Arkonide assumes the job. 
  At the 27. The meeting takes place December. Some political meetings occur at 
the edge, so for example between the LFT and the Arkoniden. No unification can 
be achieved because of the different points of view however.    The different, 
galactic parliamentary parties usually use the meeting in order to enforce own, 
political moves. As Atlan arrives with a Vesta cruiser at the Humanidrom to 
represent about the position of Camelot, sharpens the emotions teeter 
themselves high. Rossom of Atalaya, leader of the arkonidischen delegation 
demands the delivery of Hermon of Ariga. Like, to expect, refuses Atlan the 
demand, which brings in Rossoms into the fury, cool.    Atlan refers to his/its 
explanation before the Galaktikum to the current situation and releases the 
Arkoniden from the conversation. 
  At the 28. December takes place Atlans appearance in the plenary-hall of the 
Humanidroms. the Arkonide apelliert, to repulse at the unity of the Galaktikums 
about the threatening danger through the hedgehog-ships. As Cistolo Khans and 
Gia de Moleon confer directly after Atlans address with the Arkoniden, they get 
Atlans promise, for the full support of the Aktivatorträger. 
  During the next session, Kendix plans his/its spectacular action. As he/it 
draws near at Gia de Moleon approaches, he/it pulls a weapon out of organic 
matter and fires. The weapon is separate no energy-weapon however, color sprays 
merely. Kendix wanted to kill nobody but only attention for the Ferronen wanted 
to attain. His/its shot goes however incorrectly and meets the leader of the 
arkonidischen delegation, Rossom of Atalaya. In the originating tumult, nobody 
keeps an eye more on Atlan, that stands unheeded on the rostrum. This is the 
moment for Voge of Tissaque. He/it pounces on Atlan and puts in his/its body as 
weapon. Atlan can repulse the first attack, the Bodyguardses are present then. 
The shot of a bodyguard from the arkonidischen delegation kills the assassin on 
the position. Voge of Tissaques pet, a Tosszum, jumps out of the cloak of the 
dead person and lands directly on Atlans breast. The animal become endanger 
even Atlan in panic and a bite, because Tosszumses are among the most poisonous 
animals of the Milky way. Gia de Moleon can Atlan of the possierlichen, but 
very dangerous animal frees and the Arkoniden rescues. Through the taken place 
events, the conference becomes a failure, no unification occurs. Atlan leaves, 
the Humanidrom disappoints and flies back to Camelot. 5400 light-years removes, 
at a quite other place, the undoing begins to take his/its course. A 
terranische Patroullie becomes alertly on Struckturerschütterungen and comes 
upon an enormous hedgehog-vessel fleet. 
  Kummerog, that still has Bruno Drenderbaum in his/its force, follows up 
his/its goal to reach after Camelot. The Mutant of the Cantrell hopes itself to 
find the best conditions on Camelot for a return after Bröhnder. With stolen 
passage-chips, the unequal pair heads for an old area-fort in the Orion-Sektor 
in order to step with a Camelot pilot in contact.    The pilot Kerom proves to 
be Android and Kummerog on the new unmerciful and brutal, if it is about the 
prosecution of his/its goals. He/it overpowers the Androiden and manipulates 
him/it so that the machine gives him/it all important information to reach 
Camelot. The GILGAMESCH approaches with the found Igelraumer in the tow rope 
Camelot meanwhile, that second planets of the Ceres system. After Atlan hands 
over the Igelraumer to Myles cantor, the Arkonide asks the scientist to learn 
more about the look of the stranger and to find out a part of her/its/their 
technical secrets. On Camelot, one begins itself worries over the whereabouts 
of Rhodan to do Bull and Saedelaere. Some Cameloters demand to clarify 
immediate measures about the whereabouts of the 3 immortals. The Igelraumer 
becomes on dry-dock-platform II meanwhile, close to the capital Port Artur 
transfers to begin about the examinations. 
  Port Arthur has approximately 500.000 inhabitants, the city is conceived 
inhabitant for approximately 4 million however. Port Artur lies at the West 
coast the approximately Africa of big South-continent Ophir. Lying the 
buildings of the futuristic city far scatters, interrupted from big lawns. In 
approximately 20 meters of height is proceeding now, energetic 
transportation-ribbons, that like a geometrical chessboard, the buildings 
together connects. Is notably with the sight of the metropolis that seeing no 
gliders or flight-appliances over the city is. Whoever must reach another point 
in Port Artur hastily uses the developed Transmittersystem of the city. The 
city was conceived on expansion from the beginning. Cyrus Morgan, former basis 
veteran, in the meantime 140 years old and boss-scientists Camelots, leads the 
examinations at the Igelraumer. In order to reconstruct the look of the 
stranger, geneticists scan the former headquarters of the hedgehog-ship, in 
which had committed the unidentified collective suicide. The Camelot scientists 
fündig become actual and put some well erhaltene cell-systems sure. 

        Ilustration PR 1812 (c) vpmKummerog, that destroys the contact-station 
and has experienced the position of Camelots after the manipulation of the 
pilot, approaches the Ceres-System with a Space-Jet and his/its slave Bruno 
Drenderbaum. With help of the Androiden Keroms, Kummerog can emit the valid 
passage-code and can approach Camelot. Kummerog lets the Space-Jet under 
pretense of a defect fall on Camelot and jumps off with Drenderbaum previously. 
The Mutant of the Cantrell has reached his/its first goal for the moment, he/it 
is on Camelot! 

  The examinations of the hedgehog-ship stride ahead meanwhile. The Cameloters, 
that represent the Igelraumer a type of Erkunder, have found out with help of 
Myles Kantor. The Raumer had the task obviously to collect a multiplicity of 
data over the Milky way, under it hyper-physical information also like details 
over the people and civilizations of the Milky way. Obviously, the natures have 
discovered something, that all Milky Way*-inhabitants are mean and could be 
somewhat similar like the ÜBSEF constant, the hedgehog-ships on board. Also the 
deciphering of the genetic code, the guaranteed cell-structures of the stranger 
goes ahead. First data point at invertebrate natures, with indications on 
cartilage-construction. The average-size becomes from the simulator on 1,50 - 
2,0 m calculates. The most important realization of the early examinations is 
however that the strangers are sexless. 
  Kummerog and Drenderbaums come upon Rudy and Thea, that lives something 
remote in her/its/their own house on Camelot, meanwhile. The Mutant of the 
Cantrell sees the unique opportunity to use the house of the family as hiding 
place.    Approximately at the same time, Atlan arrives with a Vesta cruiser at 
the HQ-Camelot.    The Arkonide brings bad news - a LFT-Patrouille has 
discovered 10000 hedgehog-ships in the Halo of the Milky way. Atlan learns also 
about the crash of the Space-Jet with the pilot Kerom and two new candidates on 
board. The Arkonide experiences has found that one at the crash-position no 
more corpses - everything had been destroyed completely. As Atlan however still 
learns about the cancellation of the steer-station Orion-738, becomes the 
immortal light-hearing-y. Atlan induces most outer caution in the contact with 
the case, since he/it believes the two agent on Camelot has dived. 
  Atlan affiliates after it the scientists Arfe Loidans, who have completed the 
picture of the stranger from the Igelraumer in the meantime.    The simulator 
gives the picture of a nature with flat, deltaförmigen head again. The eyes are 
rigidly and lie under bony Augenbrauenwülsten.    In the front, at the muzzle 
of the nature, a finger-long horn begins. The entire, snake-similar head is 
with a green, scale-fortified skin coated. The foreign Viperidens are named 
according to the serpentine Ausehen. The pharynx of the Viperiden possesses no 
catch - or fangs in contrast to snakes. Instead, these natures own several 
rows, in the semicircle angeordneter bristles that the look of a steel-brush 
shows. 
  As the Siganese David examines Golgar a module of the hedgehog-ship more 
exactly, the undoing takes his/its course. A self-destruction-sequence is 
activated and an unquenchable atom-fire begins the ship to auffressen. David 
Golgar can escape Cyrus Morgan in last minute comes all consuming flame in 
him/it about the life. As the atom-fire grasps the service-platform II and 
begins with grasping the ground of Camelots, the possibility only remains soil 
big parts to cut out Camelots from the surface with thermo-emitters and to 
transport the isolated fire with energy-fields into the universe. 
   Summary PR 1812 - 1845 in work 
  As Perry Rhodan ventures into the Pentrische cloud for the first time, he/it 
is met with the legendary Galornens. Perry, Bully and her/its/their companions 
are hunted as invaders and are fled to know over the galornische 
Transmitternetz of station to station without the next goal. With her/its/their 
escape, the group comes Tribath upon the planet, on which 18000 black, 
galornische fight-ships stopped and is preserved. Rhodan senses the reputation 
one of the ships and goes the KEMPEST on board. On board the black ship 
experiences the Terraner details over the past of the Galornen. Reginald Bull 
and the Zentrifaal cannot endure the disastrous aura, that this place 
transmits, longer and can go back the way through the Transmitter. Rhodan 
follows them, as that releases KEMPEST him/it again. As they are left the 
reception-station she/it by robots and Galornen rearranges. 
  In the Milky way, on the planet Mount Olympus,: A strange phenomenon spreads. 
The people sink in geometrical Kritzeleien and neglect her/its/their daily 
tasks, like occupation and family. The name " of Kritzelsyndrom " is shaped for 
this urge, that indicates a Parazwang known not yet near obviously. 
  Atlan gets a cry for help from the SOL system hidden in the ATG field. The 
Arkonide must determine that Terra of the 52. Plans in the galaxy, that is 
invaded by the Kritzelsyndrom, is. The initial supposition turns over in 
certainty soon, on Terra, a philosopher eingenistet has himself/itself. Atlan 
tries something however first to fight the philosopher with conventional 
methods fails. The Gilgamesch, that waits in the Orbit of Terra for Atlan, is 
grasped by the Parakräftens of the philosopher. The personnel on board begins 
Terras the Kritzelsyndrom like the population to decline. In order to escape 
this influence, the flagship of the Zellaktivatorträger tries to fly out from 
the Solsystem. The intent fails the time-passing because of the already 
influenced personnel however. The ATG-Feld becomes for the Gilgamesch and a 
hand of fully other ships that still action-capable is, to the trap. Atlan 
grasps a consequential decision, he/it wants to switch off the 
main-tides-transformer on Mercury. Since Nathans and the local Syntronik Atlans 
intent don't support, yes even wants to balk, the possibility only remains to 
proceed with force. 2 bombs destroy the headquarters of the 
main-tides-transformer the solar system into the Einstein-universe whereupon 
falls back. The Gilgamesch flees. 
  At the 10. June 1289 NGZS, Atlan, Mila and Nadja Vandemar turns a Space-Jet 
on board and in company of 10 Modula robots to the earth back. The team seeks 
to free Terra after methods and ways from the Parazwang of the philosopher.  
  As Mila and Nadjas put in her/its/their abilities against the philosopher, 
they see dreadful pictures of the destruction like in a dream-vision. With 
her/its/their venture, they learn something about the " teachings of the 
philosopher " however also over a mysterious construction, at his originating 
should contribute them/her/it in the ban of the philosopher of standing 
Intelligenzen. 
  Approximately at the same time in the galaxy Tolkandir:  
  11.Juni 1289, Alaska Saedelaere is still in company of the young Raubyner 
Lanagh and Scheep. His/its ship, that meets Thoregon 4, on GOEDDA, and is 
destroyed with it. Alaska, the skin and the two Raubyners are lifted " by 
GOEDDA ". GOEDDA goes through the hyper-area and puts down the shipwrecked 
person at a strange place, the at noon-world. Alaska, that lurks on this world 
a big danger, recognizes quickly. Hereafter-Jack, a Mutant with many abilities 
begins to hunt the 4 shipwreckeds. In the course of the unmerciful hunt, the 
two young Raubyners lose the life and also Alaska Saedelaere only escapes the 
death barely. Is living he/it only owes the shielding effect of the skin. 
  21.Juni 1289, in the Milky way,: Atlan dunks into a dream-world, and sees in 
the vision of the philosopher of Terra, the potential future of the solar 
system and the whole galaxy. The future and the present seem to blur with it. A 
from the fate motley group sets out to visit the depopulated earth. Norman 
Erengast, the last Terraner, Yamo Dormat, the last surviving Haluter, Grek 27, 
a Maahk of that itself for the idleness of his/its people is ashamed and 
Elebor, a Posbi of that the downfall of his/its home survived. 
  In the real present, Dao-Lin-H'ay leaves into the Milky way, as she/it 
experiences the Ronald Tekener as aftereffect of the IQ Dimmers in the coma 
lies.   26.Juni 1289. The Herreaches succeed in a common prayer-effort through 
the giant Schimbaa in opening a transition to the dream-blister. The Vandemar 
twins support the Herreach on mentaler level and venture after opening of the 
passageway with her/its/their mental abilities into the foreign area. Atlan, 
Myles cantor and Dao-Lin-H'ay follow as " physical " use-team. However the 
things develop negatively. The mirror-twins are tracked down by a mighty 
Parawesen and are pursued. The rescuing exit already before eyes, they are put 
by GOEDDA and are killed. The transition cannot be held de mirror-twin of the 
Herreaches without the support frankly longer and cannot be collapsed. Balcony, 
the way back is cut off Myles and Dao with it. You/they are stuck in the 
dream-blister. 
  In the galaxy Plantagoo, retrospective view up to the present,: Kaif 
Chiriatha, a Galornin that in the Pentrischen cloud grows up, becomes from Ce 
Rhioton, the second runner Thoregons as his/its successor selected. Kaif 
develops in the sprint of the action into the leading authority under the 
Galornen and acknowledges as successor as well as replacement of Ce Rhioton. 
Kaif is must it, that the Shifting of the Zentrifaal orders, the Rhodan and 
Bull miterleben. 
  Rhodan, Bull and the Zentrifaal are put by the Galornens in the azure city. 
At the same time, Foremon, the guard of the basalt-level, meets in which 
Pentrischen cloud one. The Galornin Kaif Chiriatha begins to interrogate Rhodan 
and Foremon. The Adlat still believes that the two stranded Terraner murderers 
are at the 4.Boten Thoregons. In the house of Ce Rhioton, Foremon discovers 
locked up in one basalt-block, a Passantum, that has intended Ce Rhioton for 
him/it. Through a data-storage, Ce Rhioton conveys a job at Foremon to come 
back after Galorn to the fungus-cathedral. The Adlat should cross the bridge 
into the infinity with help of the Passantums.  
  On Tribath begins itself to long the syntronische consciousness of the ship 
KEMPEST for a new commander. KEMPEST remembers the meeting with Perry Rhodan. 
The galornische fight-ship appoints Rhodan to his/its new commander and sends 
out a Kampfrobot, about which to get Terraner to itself. The Robot proceeds 
very thoughtlessly with it, completely after the programming of the " old " 
Galornen. The Robot applies force, that the Galornens can confront only 
defensively. With a cunning, Rhodan convinces to destroy itself/themselves the 
Kampfrobot. Since no connection exists to Kempest, the black fight-ship 
registers nothing of the event on Helter Baaken. Perry Rhodan is met with 
Foremon and is lifted mentale connection with the guard of the basalt-level, 
that is brought about obviously by the two Passantis. A communication occurs 
between the Terranern, Kaif and Foremon.  
  The Adlat must accept the innocence of the Terraner through the mentale 
transmission of the Passanti.  
  April 1289 NGZ Bei the return flight after Galorn Rhodan breaks through 
Foremons the hate once again and escapes only barely one attack of the Adlaten. 
  Atlan, Dao and Myleses are caught in the dream-blister. Fast becomes clear 
them, that they are in a gigantic construction and deal it to itself that with 
it about that construction, of which the disciples of the philosophers have 
spoken. They succeed in employing some investigations, before they are 
discovered by the Physanderns and are hunted. In the center of the 
construction, the " Kardia " is, the heart of him/it a strong par-abnormal 
power goes out. The 3 Galaktikers can escape exactly the final access of the 
Physander. Nevertheless, the situation seems hopeless. On command of the 
Chaeroders Ympalor, the Physander Ockonea starts the prosecution-action within 
the dream-blister. 
  The 3 Zellaktivatorträgers are still caught within the dream-blister and on 
the escape before the Physandern. The condition of Dao-Lins increasingly 
becomes worse. To all bad is damaged her/its/their Serun and threatens to 
explode through overload. Also Myles cantor begins to show symptoms of a 
mentalen influence through the Kardia. The 3, that is parked about the 
construction more than only one Gliederschiff, recognize. Atlan and Myleses 
decide to go one of the Gliederschiffes on board, since atmospheric pressure 
and temperatures, that it allows to set aside Daos suit for a repair, prevail 
only there. In the Gliederschiff, the 3 fleeting are met with the Physander 
Chlock.    The Physander behaves for his/its Artgenossen absolutely atypically 
and helps to repair Myles Dao-Lins Serun. The Physander seems to be fascinated 
by the juncture with " ASSOCIATION ". Before the Physander through Ympalor 
finds the death, he/it reveals Myles cantor the possibility to tap the 
data-storage of the Gliederschiffes. There, the 3 Zellaktivatorträgers learn 
about " Shabazzas commandments " for the first time. Whoever hides behind the 
name however first remains unclear. 
  1.Juli 1289 NGZS, 47 Tucanis,: The Tolkanders furnish themselves in 26 
systems of the ball-star-pile domestically. Still, the Tolkanderflotte counts 
approximately 200000 hedgehog-ships. Approximately 20000 ships of the 
Galaktiker face you.    10000 black Kugelraumers of the Haluter, 6000 
terranische fight-ships, 2000 Fragmentraumers of the Posbis and more 2000 ships 
of different Milky Way*-people. The Posbi commandant Relebo, what succeeds to 
venture it with help of the Tangle-Schild-Chips on a world busy from the 
Tolkanderns in order to explore the Tolkander on the busy worlds undertakes. 
After successful mission and the return of Tolk-17, Relebo volunteers for an 
use on Terra. He/it receives the job to free the LFT top management from the 
influence of the philosopher and to bring from Terra on the Gilgamesch, that 
still stands at the edge of the SOL system in Wartestellung. The Posbi command 
is surprised on Terra of the chief glimmer and can complete the mission only 
under heavy victims. On the 8 July, the number of the Gliederschiffe is on over 
1000 increased.  
  8.Juli 1289 NGZS: The Physander Camock introduces the conclusion of the first 
extension-step of Goeddas construction. The AZZAMUS occurs, that first 
evolution-jump. Goedda grows explosion-like from the Kardia and engulfs the 
organic tube-system of the construction with it. The organic mass assumes 
Goeddas the original form of the tube-system with it. The 3 in the 
dream-blister implied Zellaktivatorträger can make ready Goedda pains 
sensitively admitteldly, her/its/their growth however doesn't detain. Many 
Physander and Chaeroders sacrifice themselves, in that they sacrifice 
her/its/their organic measurements for Goeddas growth. The AZZAMUS is the cause 
for him/it the first " glimmer-effect " outside the dream-blister. 
  Action-place at noon-world: Alaska Saedelaere 
  As Alaska Saedelaere reaches the Kilimandscharo projection of the at 
noon-world, he/it is met with " Jenseitsdreur ", the twin of the philosopher of 
Terra (regent of Terra). As Alaska succeeds through a cunning in destroying the 
body of Jenseitsdreur, begins itself to dissolve the lot of the philosopher of 
Terra. The cover of the dream-blister becomes " löchrig " and from the 
hyper-area absorbed. 
  However the " spirit " of Jenseitsdreur has survived and can overpower the 
skin, that short time of Alaska has separated, mental. As the parasite cuddles 
about Alaska's bodies, the Zellaktivatorträger notices the danger too late. 
He/it turns into the weak-willed marionette of Jenseitsdreurs and gives the 
dead believed philosopher a new body so. The hole in the cover of Goeddas area 
can be stabilized by Jenseitsdreur again. 
  Action-place Goeddas construction: Atlan 
  Atlan is still separated cantor by Dao-Lin and Myles. He/it hovers in his/its 
Serun weightless through the Silbernebel, that surrounds the construction. As 
the first growth-thrust starts, Atlans extra-sense receives extensive 
information over GOEDDA. Atlans extra-sense justifies this information-flood 
with it that people remember mostly only with her/its/their death at 
her/its/their behind life, Goedda however with each new growth-thrust. 
  Atlan experiences the evolution Goeddas, how she/it has occurred in the 
distant galaxy Suuvar. Goedda is the product of the Gentechnikers Irra'Anvete, 
that belongs to the people of the Insedder-Brüder. His/its goal is to be 
created a genetic Gebärmaschine, that the supplies at Vivoc - and consequently 
at fighters for the 1000 year old warfare against the Viniden guarantees. 
However Goedda gets besides control and begins to turn with it against his/its 
producers. As the galaxy is almost depopulated by all life already, the Nonggos 
appear by the order of the coalition of Thoregon and insulate Goedda in 
her/its/their brood-cosmos. The danger is entranced for the time being. First 
Shabazza, a mysterious stranger, GOEDDA frees and gives her/it/them the 
possibility her/its/their Gebärtrieb to follow. GOEDDA must submit its term 
however and must depopulate chosen goals only from him/it. First, Shabazza 
chooses the galaxy Tolkandir. He/it points out newly erstarkt GOEDDA the way to 
the Milky way. It is Shabazzas goal obviously, the people of the Milky way and 
in the particular, to wipe out the Terraner. Shabazza does hints of 3 more 
cosmic dangers, that he/it has revived Thoregon for his/its fight against the 
coalition. 
  11. July 1289 NGZS, Atlan, Dao-Lin and Myles now knows the true identity 
Goeddas and grasps the cosmic danger, that assumes the entity, in full scope. 
The 3 Zellaktivatorträgers are still locked up in Goeddas brood-cosmos and are 
hunted by the Physanderns. You/they decide to transform one of the 
Gliederschiffe into a hyper-bomb and Myles succeeds in planning the necessary 
circuits. The expected explosion, that should destroy Goedda and the 
brood-cosmos, is for the 18. July 1289 planned.    The Zellaktivatorträgers are 
themselves ready to sacrifice for the welfare of the galaxy if necessary. 
  14 -17 Julys 1289 NGZS, that decide Herreach, itself, to start a renewed 
attempt, to open a gate in Goeddas brood-cosmos, - first however only with 
moderate success. The gate has opened occasionally admitteldly from Trokan from 
doesn't stabilize. After all, the Herreach details of " hereafter " of the gate 
can recognize. So, the most upper Kündering Presto Go believes to have decided 
Atlan on the other side. Also the philosophers are amounted by the Herreaches, 
however with it the feasible finishes for the time being. The Herreaches don't 
progress. Since they recognize the danger for Terra and Trokan after the chief 
glimmer plainly, decides to break Presto Go with all traditions and Trokan, to 
leave Terra in direction. 
  18. July 1289 NGZS, that have Herreach, Terra reaches and forms in her/it 
sews the philosopher. They succeed with it, presumably through the spatial 
proximity, to open the gate to Goeddas brood-cosmos and to stabilize. Homer G. 
of Adam uses the odd and sends out 10000 badly armed fight-robots through the 
originated opening in Goeddas brood-cosmos. That is the rescue for the 3 caught 
Zellaktivatorträgers. Atlan, Dao and Myleses can escapes during the 
terranischen fight-robots to the attack on Goedda through the gate changes. As 
the battle erupts, that of Myles cantor ignites, hyper-bomb installed. That is 
Goeddas end. The brood-cosmos dissolves and the essence is blown into the 
hyper-area. The Herreaches can still recognize, as the philosophers on 
fragments of the hyper-area-blister in the 5-D - continuum aborts, so also 
Alaska Saedelaere, that was overpowered by the philosopher Terras mental.  
  Is it the end of the Terraners..........? 
  In Plantagoo.... 
  On Damor-Mitte, that seventh planets of the Damorgen system, representatives 
of those colonies of the Zentrifaal, that were not exposed to the Shifting, 
meet. The humiliation through the Galornen, that had compulsory-pacified the 
center of the Zentrifaal with the brutal weapon of the Shifting, sits deeply. 
The Zentrifaals grasp to protest the plan itself against the Galornen. There a 
single ship appears in the Damorgen-System and inflicts the gathered Zentrifaal 
armada heavy damages. The commander of the Zentrifaal fleet recognizes the 
superiority of the aggressor and leaves 5000 ships of his/its fleet start the 
retreat in order to withdraw the ships of the annihilation. With over 1000 
remained units, he/it pounces on the single ship - is beaten however damning. 
As the command-ship in the end only stands with respect to the Zentrifaal the 
Stranger, the unknown opens his/its impenetrable umbrella and gives to 
recognize itself/themselves. It is a black fight-ship of the Galornen! 
  Galorn: During the touch on Galorn in the system Galornenstern, Perry Rhodan, 
Reginald Bull and Foremon of a strong aggression-radiation are surprised and 
are grasped. The radiation has her/its/their origin on Galorn unequivocally.    
All on board the Galornenraumers loses the mastery and declines her/its/their 
aggression-instincts. Foremon succeeds in steering the Pegoom in last second on 
another course and to steer the ship of Galorn away. From the influence of the 
radiation escapes the 3 grasp to put down the plan Rhodan and Bull with a 
country-capsule on Galorn. Foremon removes itself after Ausschleusung of the 
two Zellaktivatorträger of Galorn and goes outside the system on Wartestellung. 
He/it tries to lift with Kaif Chiriatha connection in vain. Something must have 
happened to the Galornens.....   Doogerosch: A strange, for Galornen of the 
modern time incomprehensible phenomenon makes itself wide. Seemingly from 
Helter Baaken from, a slowly progressing aggression-wave spreads across the 
central-system of the Galornen in the Pentrischen cloud. First only the city of 
the children is involved and the educators register an unnaturally high 
aggression-willingness of the young Galornen - then becomes remove areas of 
Doogerosch also further involved. The most upper Galornin Kaif Chiriatha 
suspects a defect of the dragon, that leads to it, that the stored 
aggression-quotas of the Galornen escape and can poison the surroundings. 
She/it calls the dragon-builders and reaches that the dragon of Helter Baaken 
of a checkup in a vote is subjected, however it is too late. As 17 
dragon-builders under leadership of Pega Mrion approach the shaft, they are 
overpowered by the aggression-radiation. The last, desperate attempt, to hold 
the catastrophe open, fails. Doogerosch sinks is not spared by the 
aggression-radiation in anarchy and also Kaif Chiriatha. As climax explodes the 
almost completed Heliotische bulwark and 12 ships of the black fleet is 
abducted by Tribath. One of the commanders of these ships is the young 
dragon-farmer Pega Mrion. 
  Galorn: Also the dragon of Galorn frees the stored aggression-quotas 
unchecked.  
  That receives clearly to sense Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bull. The two 
immortals fight an almost hopeless fight against the again and again beginning 
to grow aggression and against Szuker, that Androhüter of Herz-Fünf, that wants 
to prevent under all circumstances, that crosses somebody the former city of 
the Galornen. In last second, it succeeds to outwit the immortal Szuker and to 
destroy. The way seems freely, however the again and again beginning to grow 
aggression grasps Rhodan and Bull mercilessly. 
  The progressing aggression now grasps all Galornen of the Pentrischen cloud.  
  Even those few Galornens, that are in secret mission in Plantagoo on the way, 
sense the radiations of the defective dragons. While Kaif Chiriatha even loses 
more and more the control over itself and shouts out itself to the Kriegsherrin 
of the Galornen, it succeeds to venture Perry Rhodan and Reginald Bull into the 
shaft of the dragon of Galorn. It costs the Zellaktivatorträgern because of the 
strong aggression-radiation indescribable self-control to attack not one on the 
other. Also Perry and Bull have amounted the dragon as sources of the ominous 
radiation long ago. As they examine the shaft-ground of the dragon near, they 
find the dragon-hoard, a domed undercut of the shaft, in which the 
installations of the dragon are installed obviously. Perry and Bully discover 
tracks of destruction and sabotage at the incomprehensible, apparent half 
organic installations. Has somebody sabotaged the dragons consciously to drive 
about the Galornen into the chaos? 
  Kaif has the black ships manned in Plantagoo and chooses even the KEMPEST as 
her/its/their flagship. Since she/it can trust nobody, she/it has a 
Holoprojektion created after model the legendary pool of Tammen, that takes on 
the leadership in the Pentrischen cloud in her/its/their absence. Kaif puts the 
commanders with the stolen black ships and destroys all, finally also Pega 
Mrion, the former dragon-farmer. 
  The neuerschaffene pool of Tammen Kaif tries going back on her/its/their 
home-world to outwit and to seize the power. Although only one projection, too 
much of his/its model was given to the artificial creature. The recreated pool 
of Tammen tries to attain the command over the KEMPEST and to turn off Kaif so. 
KEMPEST decides on Gunsten of the new commander Kaif however, deactivates the 
artificial creature and deletes it from the storage. The way for Kaif is 
freely...... 
  In the Milky way..... 
  19. July 1289 NGZS: The danger through Goedda seems entranced since the 
annihilation of the brood-cosmos. Nevertheless, Atlan of nightmares is 
bothered. He/it already sees the downfall of the leading civilizations of the 
galaxy through the Tolkanderflotten, that is still present 47 Tucanis in 
sector, in his/its dreams.    However it first happens nothing such. In the 
Solsystem has arrived the situation quietly. The present Zallaktivatorträgers 
decide the deceased Vandemar twins to give the last convoy and inter the 
crystallized bodies in a specifically furnished and sealed mausoleum on the 
birth-planet of the twins, Saira. 
  Going back in 47 Tucanis experiences Atlan of a Spähauftrag of the Posbis, 
which wants to land on a planet busy from the Tolkanderns with the name Tolk-7 
and closes, itself the group at. The Posbises get the Tangle-Scan-Schild, a 
development of the Haluter, before. The Posbises would like herrausfinden, 
whether the Tolkanders after the destruction still hold on Goeddas to 
her/its/their activities or break off her/its/their bases in 47 Tucanis.    
During Atlan with the Posbis on Tolk-7 lands, worrying news of the blues comes 
world Apas. The Apas blues that itself Apasos names, claims on her/its/their 
world the Kritzelsyndrom would have broken out and demands the assistance of 
the Galaktiker.  
  At the 23. Dao-Lin-H'ay and Myleses approach July 1289 NGZS cantor the ENZA 
with a small association of 22 blues-navigating the Pahl-System on board. The 
blues living on Apas are extremely nervously and claim that a constantly 
climbing number of inhabitants declines the Kritzelwahn. Actually, the 
Zellaktivatorträgers find a number blues, that show a similar behavior, like 
the creatures on those worlds, that were invaded by the philosophers before.  
  Atlan and the Posbises have succeeded in the meantime in latching 
itself/themselves on Tolk-7 into the communication-system of the Tolkander. 
You/they can monitor the news, that is exchanged between the Tolkanderführern. 
It seems, as if the Tolkanders through the loss have not been brought Goeddas 
from the concept. You/they consider the loss of the " big mother " postponement 
and in no way as the failure of her/its/their original plan. The use-group on 
Tolk-7, that the Tolkanders receive a hyper-energetic signal, that listens to 
itself like a heart attack or a sphere-sound, is still aware of. The 
use-command must retreat then however and can escape in last second. 
  Alaska Saedelaere lives! That of the Zellaktivatorträger still under the 
living is lies mainly at it that Jenseitsdreur could insulate the blasted lot 
and as a small, in itself closed hyper-area-blister has stabilized.  
  Alaska has not blown away in the hyper-area therefore. Nevertheless, the 
Terraner has to please itself/themselves no reason. He/it is injured heavily, 
enclosed still from the skin and also Jenseitsdreur still exists as 
consciousness-component of the skin. The philosopher is weakened admitteldly 
strongly and can hardly fight against Alaskas wiedererstarktes consciousness, 
an attempt Goeddas child the even, to amount, goes wrong however. Only slowly, 
Alaska recognizes the whole truth. Jenseitsdreur seeks to unify his/its twin 
Dreur about itself with him/it and from the originating proto-matter one " 
baby, to testify mother ". 
  Alaska recognizes, that probably most, if even all philosophers didn't escape 
the annihilation this way. 
  Terras philosopher has himself/itself during the explosion of Goeddas area on 
another world teleportiert instinctively, as Alaska experiences slowly 
especially after Arkon I. soon, the disastrous influence of the Kritzelwahnes 
spreads again. As Dreur in the small hyper-area-blister appears Alaska is to be 
fought solidly resolved up to the end. Alaska begins to hunt Dreur that 
possessing no exceptional body-strengths in the comparison to Jenseitsdreur 
seems. A fight erupts it on lives and dead. Alaska, that had ascended through 
the annihilation of the big mother the threat sooner, is clear. 52 philosophers 
could tries 52 babies to generate mothers, that grew up and multiplied the 
original danger. 
  A duel occurs on lives and death. Alaska, through his/its heavy injuries 
handicapped to be subject to in the last moment seems. There, unexpected help 
comes in topmost need. Benjamin of Jacinta, a young Arkonide appears in the 
dream-blister and stretches Dreur with a stone's throw down.    Alaska doesn't 
understand had gotten like the Arkonide into the blister. Benjamin claims, that 
would be his/its dream. Alaska sees the low-stretched philosopher and knows 
that he/it must kill the nature, to turn away at least about a threat.    
Alaska, that will violate the small hyper-area-blister with the death of Dreur, 
also knows - and everything something in her/it/them is. The Terraner hesitates 
no second and does something must be done. As Dreur dies the dream-blister 
dissolves. Benjamin, the dream-dancer, can rescue Alaska in last second and can 
steer into the Einstein-universe. The news piles up it itself over new, from 
the Kritzelsyndrom befallene earth. Atlan sees only one possibility the 
originating " small mothers " to confront; the Herreach must be won for another 
use against the mini-hyper-area-blowing. The young Kosmopsychologin Bré Tsinga 
is selected in order to hold first negotiations with the Herreaches. Together 
with Atlan, she/it can win the Herreach for a first use. 
  At the 7.August 1289, it succeeds with help the Herreach the " Baby to 
destroy mother ", that had itself on the planet Plophos eingenistet. From Arkon 
I from Alaska lifts contact with Atlan and gives the Arkoniden important 
information over the plans of the philosophers. Each of the small mothers can 
mutate to a new Goedda therefore. It is now important quickly and decided to 
deal, because most philosophers have already united to small mothers and have 
begun to send out particular hyper-signals.    The signals reminiscent at " 
heart attacks " are apparently used for the communication among each other, but 
also the Tolkanders can measure the rhythmic signals. 
  Initial successes are correct positively. So, Apas can be freed Ertrus and 
the blues-world. All that however would not have been possible without the help 
of the Herreach. The people of Trokan can a transition to the 
mini-dream-blisters with his/its mentalen abilities, which open is fought over 
the access of the Terranerns. 
  A new, valuable helper finds Atlan in the Sabinnerin Bré Tsinga, their 
Husslar cannot befriend obviously with the Arkoniden. Bré Tsinga begins to 
occupy Goeddas with the history more intensively. She/it is confident that the 
key is to be sought for the elimination of this cosmic threat in the past. Bré 
comes upon the details over happening in the galaxy Suuvar and the Schwaze hole 
Umam-Urra anew. After a serious attack Jafkos on Atlan decides Bré to bring 
back the Husslar on her/its/their home-world. There, she/it has the igniting 
idea obviously..... 
  The fight of the small mothers proves zusehens more difficult. The Tolkander, 
from the signals of the small mothers lured, more and more hyper-area-blowing 
shield before the access of the Galaktiker. First heavy losses occur. As Bré 
lifts connection with Atlan again, mothers could be destroyed 5 babies only 
more. Remaining, 43 of these Goedda renaissances of those still can grow up 
everyone after the statement of Alaska to the cosmic threat. 
  The initial successes of the Galaktiker with the fight against the small 
mothers get in the hesitates. Lured through her/its/their cries for help, the 
Tolkanderflottens shield more and more them/her/it itself developing 
birth-organisms.    Only 9 hyper-area-blowing with philosophers as well as 
small mothers could be destroyed with help of the Herreach. Into these, 
hopeless appearing situation, Bré Tsinga bursts with an audacious plan. The 
Sabinnerin has found a crucial hint, with which she/it believes, with the study 
of Atlans memory-protocol to can remove all remaining small mothers with a hit. 
Bré Tsinga is convinced of it, that in the Urerinnerung Goeddas and 
consequently also her/its/their own children, still the longing after the 
Kaskadierenden fires of Uman-Urra, from which the Gebärorganismus derives 
his/its development to the big mother, germinates. Bré forges the plan to take 
advantage of the longing of the small mothers about itself her/its/their, to 
dispose. Her/its/their plan includes a projection generated by the Herreaches, 
which imitates the Kaskadierenden fires and lies sufficiently near at the 
center Black-Hole of the Milky way, in order to guarantee that that fascinates 
attracted small mothers behind him/it of event-horizon of the Black-Holes is 
pulled and consequently for always from the galaxy vanishes. Brés plan is 
belonged by the Cameloterns admitteldly and is greeted, first pushes on 
skepticism however. Not finally Myles cantor and Atlan shows some Knackpunkte 
in Brés thought-model. As however the last, still missed, baby mother close to 
him/it of center Black-Hole is found, one decides to move Bré Tsingas plan 
itself. In order to generate the gigantic projection, a prayer-place is 
furnished on a Flottentender of the LFT for 20000 Herreaches. Bré Tsinga has 
big share at it, that the Herreaches state to this action ready, on the other 
hand. The LFT positioniert, to fake 2000 hyper-probes about the hyper-radiation 
emitted by Kaskadierenden fire. Atlan and Brés begin to understand the " melody 
" of the hyper-radiation with it from Atlans memory and to have emitted from 
the probes. And actually, the small mothers fall for the illusion and appear at 
the edge of the event-horizon of Dengejaa Uveso. You/they absolutely seem to 
the influence of the illusion generated by the Galaktikerns to decline. On the 
climax of the event, the small mothers unite to a new big mother. There, the 
new Goedda recognizes her/it/them a deception that to the victim fell - however 
it is already too late. The radiation of the Michstraßen Black-Holes causes an 
unchecked proliferation of Goeddas cell-mass. This effect remains the 
Galaktikerns, that pursue the event in appropriate distance, hidden. Hidden not 
remains Goeddases forced Schmerzens - and help-screams with those she/it after 
her/its/their children however calls. Little by little, the fleets of the 
Tolkander meet an and coalesces Goeddas, their ache-screams increase 
constantly, with the hyper-area-blister. Nobody can explain the action of the 
Tolkander exactly, but one suspects a security-circuit, with which SHABAZZA 
Goedda has safeguarded and was activated them/her/it of the Galaktikerns by the 
running action unconsciously. Goedda finally falls with the entire 
Tolkanderflotte into the Black-Hole and falls silent. It, that was removed the 
danger of the Tolkander, can be assumed. Bré Tsinga is celebrated by all sides 
as the savior of the galaxy and is gotten to go over the offer after Camelot. 
  Retrospective view: 8.Juni 1289 NGZS, in group Siganesen makes itself 30 
meters with the umgerüsteten to visit Space-Jet GLADOR on the way about the 
home planet of the ENNOX. The expedition has the goal to learn valuable 
information about the Tolkander and the momentary residence of Perry Rhodan.    
Arrived on the planet of the Veego, the Siganesen changes of the surface and 
the " card of the universe " register. Like the Siganesen determines, some 
positions of the gigantic card, that is projected by the ENNOXS into the heaven 
of Mystery, are missing. Somewhat uncommon seems to proceed on the planet of 
the ENNOX..... 
  Another arena is the Taylfing, close to the big emptiness. Since the events 
about the Sampler planets and the Abruse, some Theanses begin to change 
her/its/their attitude to the Ayindis and the terranischen " taboo-breakers ". 
It turns out but that some androgenic even as advisors of the Theans acts.    
Obviously one has recognized the uniqueness of these robots in the Damurial and 
begins to use her/it/them for itself. There are still proponents of the old 
emptiness. It comes to attach to confrontations between that Theans which the 
old commandments and such which the Theanschulens would like to reform.   
Mystery: The 5 Siganesens on board the GLADOR registers strange processes on 
the surface of Mystery. The Model of the universe seems to dissolve slowly 
however continually and only leaves becomes dark stains at the heaven of 
Mystery. About the Ennoxes themselves, the Siganesens first learn nothing. It 
seems, as if the Veegos are not worried further. As then however hyper-physical 
phenomenons increases and dissolves the model more and more itself, appears 
Philip and gives the Siganesens some information. 
  The Ennoxes are tone his/its statement certain to it as " 3. Strength ", to 
form new life-islands into the Arresum to überwechseln and with the concepts 
and the Nucturnen. The personnel of the Glador experiences at the 31. August 
1289 NGZS like the Ennox our universe leaves and flies back to Camelot then. 
  April 1289 NGZ Plantagoos: Perry Rhodans and Reginald Bull have left Galorn 
again. The dragon has been sabotaged and has been robbed his/its 
storage-ability. The aggression-quotas still become freely and make the two 
Terranerns to manage heavily, that tries in the country-capsule to reach the 
PEGOOM. You/they have a cell-test of the perished material with it, that lines 
the dragon-hoard. As the Terraners of Foremon are lifted, appears a black ship 
of the Galornen and the PEGOOM flees into the orientation-protection of the 
near sun. While the PEGOOM Perry and Bully battle against the attack-good 
aggression-thrusts on board, the black ship begins to hunt the PEGOOM. Foremon 
steers the small Galornenraumer and can escape the black warship in last 
second. Cries for help at the few, still unaffected Galornens remain without 
results. To one is listened admitteldly, no support gets however. The 3 decide 
to approach the central-world of the Zentrifaal in order to analyze the 
tissue-tests with the technical help of this people and, to find a method 
maybe, to confront the disintegration-process. You/they get country-permission 
after some negotiations. The Galornens had been content with destroying only 
the ships of the system temporarily. There were some damages for Z-Z, however 
the bulk of the population was unscathed - if one refrains from the Shifting, 
that the Zentrifaals had suffered before outbreak of the aggressions. The 
Zentrifaals do themselves to examine the tissue-rehearsing at it from the 
dragon-hoard, doesn't come the secret on the track however. Only as the 
Tasch-Ter-Mans intervene in the examination, there are first realizations. It, 
that it is about artificially generated cells, is found out. Much important 
however is the realization, that must have been generated this tissue of the 
Tasch-Ter-Mans themselves. The PEGOOM leaves anew to visit about the main-world 
of the Tasch-Ter-Man. Anew, a black ship of the Galornen appears. The PEGOOM is 
met heavily and can escape damaged. As the small ship falls back into the 
normal-area again, most systems are defective. It only remains the odd to 
transmit a Notruf..... 
  At other position in the galaxy Plantagoo: A-Gatergadd, the commander of the 
Zentrifaal fleet which of Kaif Chiriatha personally was smashed, the 
destruction of his/its ship has survived like through a miracle with Trieger. 
The fleet-commander is embittered and swears the Galornen vengeance. He/it 
knocks down contradictions in the own rows unmerciful. A-Gatergadd leaves all 
still collect airworthy ships of the Zentrifaal to the last public notice. 
  The Notruf of the havarierten PEGOOM is belonged. A white Galornenschiff 
lifts the wreck and his/its passengers. As Rhodan of the commander his/its 
plan, to fly to Tasch-Term, expounds to use about the potential of the 
Tasch-Ter-Man for the examination of the tissue-test from the dragon-hoard, the 
Galornens refuse each help however. You/they pursue an own plan and want to 
meet all still intact, white ships, about her/its/their aggressive Artgenossens 
of the Pentrischen cloud to shiften. 
  Rhodan, Foremon and Bully get a new Kleinraumer however, that PEGOOM, with 
which they continue her/its/their trip, identical. 
  On Tasch-Term, they get the necessary support. You/they find an old 
galornische station in the swamps of the planet, in the Perry Rhodan hint on 
long ago last events gets. A report of Londa Dat contains important information 
over the past and the way, as that lost Galornen her/its/their aggression. The 
Tasch-Ter-Mans succeed in analyzing the tissue-test from the dragon-hoard of 
Galorn and to produce synthetically. 
  Into a daring undertaking, the tissue generated by the Tasch-Ter-Mans is put 
into the dragon-hoard of Galorn. The new tissue absorbs the perished cells and 
begins to repair the damage. The aggression-radiation decreases - the dragon of 
Galorn is repaired. Rhodan uses the opportunity to go over the bridge, about 
which to inform Terraner in the Solsystem about the arrival of the Heliotischen 
bulwark. Bully remains behind with Foremon. You/they should develop a plan 
during Rhodans absence, as the remaining, defective dragons can be repaired in 
Plantagoo. Dreadful news is caused by the Pentrischen cloud. The fleet of the 
Zentrifaal was beaten damning and also the white Raumers of the Galornen could 
not push through her/its/their intent and could not be subject to the black 
Kampfraumerns. 
  10. September 1289 NGZS, Perry Rhodan crosses the fungus-cathedral on Galorn 
and goes over the bridge into the infinity back to Trokan. It is his/its plan 
to warn the Terraner of the arrival of the Heliotischen bulwark. At the walk 
over the bridge, the dialogue occurs with the Passantum. Rhodan experiences, 
that he/it is regarded as half runner, what has him/it, that the Terraners 
should be accepted Thoregon as new people into the coalition, closed. As Rhodan 
tries to connect the bridge with help of the Passantums after Trokan, he/it 
comes upon the proto-gate among other things, a border that still no runner has 
overstepped. 
  On Trokan arrived Perry Rhodan is met with Atlan, Alaska and Cistolo barge.   
 The information-exchange occurs. Rhodan turns to finish after Galorn about the 
war in Plantagoo back instantaneously again. 
  On Galorn: While Rhodans absence releases Foremons Passantum an up to now 
closed memory Foremons. The Adlat and Bully discovers the arsenal of Ce 
Rhioton, in which they find all sorts of technical Equipment as well as a white 
small-spaceship of the Galornen. The ship, that THOREGON II, the PEGOOM 
resembles externally it is however, as that find out 2 soon, even the black 
Raumern of the Galornen far thinks. As Rhodan comes back the THOREGON II is 
start-clearly and puts in to repair the dragon of Helter Baaken for the plan. 
After the reception the from the Tasch-Ter-Man synthetisierten cell-cloth, a 
first meeting occurs in the central-system of the Zentrifaal with 4 black 
fight-navigating of the Galornen. Despite the small size, the THOREGON II beats 
3 of the attacking Galornenschiffe damning.    The superiority of the Thoregon 
technology becomes clear. 
  Together with a second Galornenraumer, that SCARV-3, the immortals get going 
into the Pentrische cloud. You/they are yourself/themselves sure the support of 
A-Caliform and his/its clan that is susceptible no longer as geshiftete 
Zentrifaal for the aggression-radiation of the defective dragon of Helter 
Baaken. During Foremon and Reginald Bull with the THOREGON-2 the galornische 
fleet binds, Rhodans and the Zentrifaal can land on Helter Baaken. It succeeds 
to produce the dragon again and to stop the aggression of the Galornen. The 
pacified Galornens don't appear however reasonably and are not ready to learn 
from the past.    You/they exist to guarantee the peace of Plantagoo on it 
after the old pattern and to stop each warlike action through the Shifting. 
  Rhodan, Bully however especially the Zentrifaal is extremely disappoints. The 
realization the Galornen rescued and, to have imposed an imposed peace on 
her/its/their own people through it, they cannot come to terms with. The 
Zentrifaal, that repaired the dragon of Helter Baaken, all in front A-Caliform, 
commits collective suicide. 
  Rhodan decides to go renewed over the bridge into the infinity about after Ce 
Rhioton or the third runners, to look for Kuntherherr. Foremon affiliates the 
two immortals. Rhodan tries to follow the hint of Foremons and puts the bridge 
a, in order to reach the Baolin-Ndas.    The Passantum grants an insight of 
hereafter of the fungus-cathedral and shows an explosion. Foremons attempt, to 
leave the fungus-cathedral despite the repulsive picture, fails. As the bridge 
renews is adjusted, the Passantum shows them a completely unexpected picture. 
You/they see a world, that could be terranischen origin. Buildings, signs and 
natures that she/it sees, terranisches work. 
  Eagerly, they cross the new world....... 
      Page 1 | page 2 | cycle 28 


